<p><b>[1 Peter 1:1]</b> Peter, an apostle of Jesus Christ, <del>to the</del> <ins>To God's elect,</ins> strangers <ins>in the world,</ins> scattered throughout Pontus, Galatia, Cappadocia, <del>Asia,</del> <ins>Asia</ins> and Bithynia,</p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:2]</b> <del>Elect</del> <ins>who have been chosen</ins> according to the foreknowledge of God the Father, through <del>sanctification</del> <ins>the sanctifying work</ins> of the Spirit, <del>unto</del> <ins>for</ins> obedience <ins>to Jesus Christ</ins> and sprinkling <del>of the blood of Jesus Christ:</del> <ins>by his blood:</ins> Grace <del>unto you,</del> and <del>peace,</del> <ins>peace</ins> be <del>multiplied.</del> <ins>yours in abundance.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:3]</b> <del>Blessed</del> <ins>Praise</ins> be <ins>to</ins> the God and Father of our Lord Jesus <del>Christ, which according to</del> <ins>Christ! In</ins> his <del>abundant</del> <ins>great</ins> mercy <del>hath begotten</del> <ins>he has given</ins> us <del>again unto</del> <ins>new birth into</ins> a <del>lively</del> <ins>living</ins> hope <del>by</del> <ins>through</ins> the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead,</p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:4]</b> <del>To</del> <ins>and into</ins> an inheritance <del>incorruptible, and undefiled, and</del> that <del>fadeth not away, reserved</del> <ins>can never perish, spoil or fade--kept</ins> in heaven for you,</p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:5]</b> <del>Who are kept by the power of God</del> <ins>who</ins> through faith <del>unto</del> <ins>are shielded by God's power until the coming of the</ins> salvation <ins>that is</ins> ready to be revealed in the last time.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:6]</b> <del>Wherein ye</del> <ins>In this you</ins> greatly rejoice, though now for a <del>season, if need be, ye are</del> <ins>little while you may have had to suffer grief</ins> in <del>heaviness through manifold temptations:</del> <ins>all kinds of trials.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:7]</b> <del>That the trial of your faith, being much more precious than of gold</del> <ins>These have come so</ins> that <del>perisheth,</del> <ins>your faith--of greater worth than gold, which perishes even</ins> though <del>it</del> <ins>refined by fire--may</ins> be <del>tried with fire, might be found unto praise</del> <ins>proved genuine</ins> and <del>honour and</del> <ins>may result in praise,</ins> glory <del>at the appearing of</del> <ins>and honor when</ins> Jesus <del>Christ:</del> <ins>Christ is revealed.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:8]</b> <del>Whom having</del> <ins>Though you have</ins> not <del>seen, ye love; in whom,</del> <ins>seen him, you love him; and even</ins> though <del>now ye</del> <ins>you do not</ins> see him <del>not, yet believing, ye rejoice with joy unspeakable</del> <ins>now, you believe in him</ins> and <del>full of glory:</del> <ins>are filled with an inexpressible and glorious joy,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:9]</b> <del>Receiving</del> <ins>for you are receiving</ins> the <del>end</del> <ins>goal</ins> of your faith, <del>even</del> the salvation of your souls.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:10]</b> <del>Of which salvation</del> <ins>Concerning this salvation,</ins> the <del>prophets have enquired and searched diligently,</del> <ins>prophets,</ins> who <del>prophesied</del> <ins>spoke</ins> of the grace that <del>should</del> <ins>was to</ins> come <del>unto you:</del> <ins>to you, searched intently and with the greatest care,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:11]</b> <del>Searching what, or what manner of</del> <ins>trying to find out the</ins> time <ins>and circumstances to which</ins> the Spirit of Christ <del>which was</del> in them <del>did signify,</del> <ins>was pointing</ins> when <del>it testified beforehand</del> <ins>he predicted</ins> the sufferings of <del>Christ,</del> <ins>Christ</ins> and the <del>glory</del> <ins>glories</ins> that <del>should</del> <ins>would</ins> follow.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:12]</b> <del>Unto whom it</del> <ins>It</ins> was <del>revealed, that not unto themselves, but unto us they did minister the things, which are now reported unto you by</del> <ins>revealed to</ins> them that <ins>they were not serving themselves but you, when they spoke of the things that have now been told you by those who</ins> have preached the gospel <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> you <del>with</del> <ins>by</ins> the Holy <del>Ghost</del> <ins>Spirit</ins> sent <del>down</del> from <del>heaven; which things the</del> <ins>heaven. Even</ins> angels <del>desire</del> <ins>long</ins> to look <del>into.</del> <ins>into these things.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:13]</b> <del>Wherefore gird up the loins of</del> <ins>Therefore, prepare</ins> your <del>mind, be sober, and hope to the end</del> <ins>minds</ins> for <ins>action; be self-controlled; set your hope fully on</ins> the grace <del>that is</del> to be <del>brought unto</del> <ins>given</ins> you <del>at the revelation of</del> <ins>when</ins> Jesus <del>Christ;</del> <ins>Christ is revealed.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:14]</b> As obedient children, <ins>do</ins> not <del>fashioning yourselves according</del> <ins>conform</ins> to the <del>former lusts</del> <ins>evil desires you had when you lived</ins> in <del>your ignorance:</del> <ins>ignorance.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:15]</b> But <ins>just</ins> as he <del>which hath</del> <ins>who</ins> called you is holy, so be <del>ye</del> holy in all <del>manner of conversation;</del> <ins>you do;</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:16]</b> <del>Because</del> <ins>for</ins> it is <del>written, Be ye holy; for</del> <ins>written: "Be holy, because</ins> I am <del>holy.</del> <ins>holy."</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:17]</b> <del>And if ye</del> <ins>Since you</ins> call on <del>the Father,</del> <ins>a Father</ins> who <del>without respect of persons judgeth according to every</del> <ins>judges each</ins> man's <del>work, pass the time of</del> <ins>work impartially, live</ins> your <del>sojourning</del> <ins>lives as strangers</ins> here in <del>fear:</del> <ins>reverent fear.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:18]</b> <del>Forasmuch as ye</del> <ins>For you</ins> know that <del>ye were</del> <ins>it was</ins> not <del>redeemed</del> with <del>corruptible things,</del> <ins>perishable things such</ins> as silver <del>and gold,</del> <ins>or gold that you were redeemed from the empty way of life handed down to you</ins> from your <del>vain conversation received by tradition from your fathers;</del> <ins>forefathers,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:19]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>but</ins> with the precious blood of Christ, <del>as of</del> a lamb without blemish <del>and without spot:</del> <ins>or defect.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:20]</b> <del>Who verily</del> <ins>He</ins> was <del>foreordained</del> <ins>chosen</ins> before the <del>foundation</del> <ins>creation</ins> of the world, but was <del>manifest</del> <ins>revealed</ins> in these last times for <del>you,</del> <ins>your sake.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:21]</b> <del>Who by</del> <ins>Through</ins> him <del>do</del> <ins>you</ins> believe in God, <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> raised him <del>up</del> from the <del>dead,</del> <ins>dead</ins> and <del>gave him glory; that</del> <ins>glorified him, and so</ins> your faith and hope <del>might be</del> <ins>are</ins> in God.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:22]</b> <del>Seeing ye</del> <ins>Now that you</ins> have purified <del>your souls in</del> <ins>yourselves by</ins> obeying the truth <del>through the Spirit unto unfeigned love of the brethren, see</del> <ins>so</ins> that <del>ye</del> <ins>you have sincere love for your brothers,</ins> love one another <del>with a pure heart fervently:</del> <ins>deeply, from the heart.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:23]</b> <del>Being</del> <ins>For you have been</ins> born again, not of <del>corruptible</del> <ins>perishable</ins> seed, but of <del>incorruptible, by</del> <ins>imperishable, through</ins> the <ins>living and enduring</ins> word of <del>God, which liveth and abideth for ever.</del> <ins>God.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:24]</b> <del>For all flesh is as</del> <ins>For, "All men are like</ins> grass, and all <del>the</del> <ins>their</ins> glory <del>of man as</del> <ins>is like</ins> the <del>flower</del> <ins>flowers</ins> of <del>grass. The</del> <ins>the field; the</ins> grass <del>withereth,</del> <ins>withers</ins> and the <del>flower thereof falleth away:</del> <ins>flowers fall,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:25]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>but</ins> the word of the Lord <del>endureth for ever.</del> <ins>stands forever."</ins> And this is the word <del>which by the gospel is</del> <ins>that was</ins> preached <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> you.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:1]</b> <del>Wherefore laying aside</del> <ins>Therefore, rid yourselves of</ins> all <del>malice,</del> <ins>malice</ins> and all <del>guile,</del> <ins>deceit, hypocrisy, envy,</ins> and <del>hypocrisies, and envies, all evil speakings,</del> <ins>slander of every kind.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:2]</b> <del>As</del> <ins>Like</ins> newborn <del>babes, desire the sincere milk of the word,</del> <ins>babies, crave pure spiritual milk, so</ins> that <del>ye</del> <ins>by it you</ins> may grow <del>thereby:</del> <ins>up in your salvation,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:3]</b> <del>If so be ye</del> <ins>now that you</ins> have tasted that the Lord is <del>gracious.</del> <ins>good.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:4]</b> <del>To whom coming, as unto a</del> <ins>As you come to him, the</ins> living <del>stone, disallowed indeed of men,</del> <ins>Stone--rejected by men</ins> but chosen <del>of God,</del> <ins>by God</ins> and <del>precious,</del> <ins>precious to him--</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:5]</b> <del>Ye</del> <ins>you</ins> also, <del>as lively</del> <ins>like living</ins> stones, are <ins>being</ins> built <del>up</del> <ins>into</ins> a spiritual <del>house, an</del> <ins>house to be a</ins> holy priesthood, <del>to offer up</del> <ins>offering</ins> spiritual <del>sacrifices,</del> <ins>sacrifices</ins> acceptable to God <del>by</del> <ins>through</ins> Jesus Christ.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:6]</b> <del>Wherefore also it is contained</del> <ins>For</ins> in <del>the scripture, Behold,</del> <ins>Scripture it says: "See,</ins> I lay <del>in Sion</del> a <del>chief corner stone, elect, precious:</del> <ins>stone in Zion, a chosen</ins> and <del>he that believeth on</del> <ins>precious cornerstone, and the one who trusts in</ins> him <del>shall not</del> <ins>will never</ins> be <del>confounded.</del> <ins>put to shame."</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:7]</b> <del>Unto</del> <ins>Now to</ins> you <del>therefore which believe he is precious: but unto them which be disobedient, the</del> <ins>who believe, this</ins> stone <del>which</del> <ins>is precious. But to those who do not believe, "The stone</ins> the builders <del>disallowed,</del> <ins>rejected has become</ins> the <del>same is made the head of the corner,</del> <ins>capstone, "</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:8]</b> <del>And a</del> <ins>and, "A</ins> stone <del>of stumbling,</del> <ins>that causes men to stumble</ins> and a rock <del>of offence, even to</del> <ins>that makes</ins> them <del>which</del> <ins>fall." They</ins> stumble <del>at</del> <ins>because they disobey</ins> the <del>word, being disobedient: whereunto</del> <ins>message--which is</ins> also <ins>what</ins> they were <del>appointed.</del> <ins>destined for.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:9]</b> But <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> are a chosen <del>generation,</del> <ins>people,</ins> a royal priesthood, <del>an</del> <ins>a</ins> holy nation, a <del>peculiar people;</del> <ins>people belonging to God,</ins> that <del>ye should shew forth</del> <ins>you may declare</ins> the praises of him who <del>hath</del> called you out of darkness into his <del>marvellous light;</del> <ins>wonderful light.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:10]</b> <del>Which in time past</del> <ins>Once you</ins> were not a people, but <del>are</del> now <ins>you are</ins> the people of <del>God: which</del> <ins>God; once you</ins> had not <del>obtained</del> <ins>received</ins> mercy, but now <ins>you</ins> have <del>obtained</del> <ins>received</ins> mercy.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:11]</b> <del>Dearly beloved,</del> <ins>Dear friends,</ins> I <del>beseech you</del> <ins>urge you,</ins> as <del>strangers</del> <ins>aliens</ins> and <del>pilgrims,</del> <ins>strangers in the world, to</ins> abstain from <del>fleshly lusts,</del> <ins>sinful desires,</ins> which war against <del>the soul;</del> <ins>your soul.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:12]</b> <del>Having your conversation honest</del> <ins>Live such good lives</ins> among the <del>Gentiles:</del> <ins>pagans</ins> that, <del>whereas</del> <ins>though</ins> they <del>speak against</del> <ins>accuse</ins> you <del>as evildoers,</del> <ins>of doing wrong,</ins> they may <del>by</del> <ins>see</ins> your good <del>works, which they shall behold,</del> <ins>deeds and</ins> glorify God <del>in</del> <ins>on</ins> the day <del>of visitation.</del> <ins>he visits us.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:13]</b> Submit yourselves <del>to every ordinance of man</del> for the Lord's <del>sake:</del> <ins>sake to every authority instituted among men:</ins> whether <del>it be</del> to the king, as <del>supreme;</del> <ins>the supreme authority,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:14]</b> <del>Or unto</del> <ins>or to</ins> governors, <del>as unto them that</del> <ins>who</ins> are sent by him <del>for the punishment of evildoers, and for the praise of them that</del> <ins>to punish those who</ins> do <del>well.</del> <ins>wrong and to commend those who do right.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:15]</b> For <del>so</del> <ins>it</ins> is <del>the</del> <ins>God's</ins> will <del>of God,</del> that <del>with well</del> <ins>by</ins> doing <del>ye may put to</del> <ins>good you should</ins> silence the <del>ignorance</del> <ins>ignorant talk</ins> of foolish <del>men:</del> <ins>men.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:16]</b> <del>As free, and not using your liberty for a cloke of maliciousness, but</del> <ins>Live</ins> as <del>the</del> <ins>free men, but do not use your freedom as a cover-up for evil; live as</ins> servants of God.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:17]</b> <del>Honour all men.</del> <ins>Show proper respect to everyone:</ins> Love the <del>brotherhood. Fear God. Honour</del> <ins>brotherhood of believers, fear God, honor</ins> the king.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:18]</b> <del>Servants, be subject</del> <ins>Slaves, submit yourselves</ins> to your masters with all <del>fear;</del> <ins>respect,</ins> not only to <del>the</del> <ins>those who are</ins> good and <del>gentle,</del> <ins>considerate,</ins> but also to <del>the froward.</del> <ins>those who are harsh.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:19]</b> For <del>this</del> <ins>it</ins> is <del>thankworthy,</del> <ins>commendable</ins> if a man <del>for conscience toward God endure grief,</del> <ins>bears up under the pain of unjust</ins> suffering <del>wrongfully.</del> <ins>because he is conscious of God.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:20]</b> <del>For what glory</del> <ins>But how</ins> is <del>it, if, when ye be buffeted for your faults, ye shall take</del> it <del>patiently? but if, when ye do well,</del> <ins>to your credit if you receive a beating for doing wrong</ins> and <ins>endure it? But if you</ins> suffer for <ins>doing good and you endure</ins> it, <del>ye take it patiently,</del> this is <del>acceptable with</del> <ins>commendable before</ins> God.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:21]</b> <del>For even hereunto</del> <ins>To this you</ins> were <del>ye called:</del> <ins>called,</ins> because Christ <del>also</del> suffered for <del>us,</del> <ins>you,</ins> leaving <del>us</del> <ins>you</ins> an example, that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> should follow <ins>in</ins> his <del>steps:</del> <ins>steps.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:22]</b> <del>Who did</del> <ins>"He committed</ins> no sin, <del>neither</del> <ins>and no deceit</ins> was <del>guile</del> found in his <del>mouth:</del> <ins>mouth."</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:23]</b> <del>Who, when</del> <ins>When they hurled their insults at him,</ins> he <del>was reviled, reviled</del> <ins>did</ins> not <del>again;</del> <ins>retaliate;</ins> when he suffered, he <del>threatened not; but committed</del> <ins>made no threats. Instead, he entrusted</ins> himself to him <del>that judgeth righteously:</del> <ins>who judges justly.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:24]</b> <del>Who his own self bare</del> <ins>He himself bore</ins> our sins in his <del>own</del> body on the tree, <ins>so</ins> that <del>we, being dead</del> <ins>we might die</ins> to <del>sins, should</del> <ins>sins and</ins> live <del>unto righteousness:</del> <ins>for righteousness;</ins> by <del>whose stripes ye were</del> <ins>his wounds you have been</ins> healed.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:25]</b> For <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> were <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> sheep going <del>astray;</del> <ins>astray,</ins> but <del>are</del> now <ins>you have</ins> returned <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the Shepherd and <del>Bishop</del> <ins>Overseer</ins> of your souls.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 3:1]</b> <del>Likewise, ye wives, be</del> <ins>Wives,</ins> in <del>subjection</del> <ins>the same way be submissive</ins> to your <del>own husbands;</del> <ins>husbands so</ins> that, if any <del>obey</del> <ins>of them do</ins> not <ins>believe</ins> the word, they <del>also</del> may <del>without the word</del> be won <ins>over without words</ins> by the <del>conversation</del> <ins>behavior</ins> of <del>the wives;</del> <ins>their wives,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 3:2]</b> <del>While</del> <ins>when</ins> they <del>behold</del> <ins>see the purity and reverence of</ins> your <del>chaste conversation coupled with fear.</del> <ins>lives.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 3:3]</b> <del>Whose adorning let it</del> <ins>Your beauty should</ins> not <del>be that</del> <ins>come from</ins> outward <del>adorning of plaiting the hair,</del> <ins>adornment, such as braided hair</ins> and <del>of</del> <ins>the</ins> wearing of <del>gold, or of putting on of apparel;</del> <ins>gold jewelry and fine clothes.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 3:4]</b> <del>But let</del> <ins>Instead,</ins> it <ins>should</ins> be <del>the hidden man of the heart, in</del> that <del>which is not corruptible, even</del> <ins>of your inner self,</ins> the <del>ornament</del> <ins>unfading beauty</ins> of a <del>meek</del> <ins>gentle</ins> and quiet spirit, which is <del>in the sight of God</del> of great <del>price.</del> <ins>worth in God's sight.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 3:5]</b> For <del>after</del> this <del>manner in</del> <ins>is</ins> the <del>old time</del> <ins>way</ins> the holy women <del>also,</del> <ins>of the past</ins> who <del>trusted</del> <ins>put their hope</ins> in <del>God, adorned themselves, being in subjection unto</del> <ins>God used to make themselves beautiful. They were submissive to</ins> their own <del>husbands:</del> <ins>husbands,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 3:6]</b> <del>Even as Sara</del> <ins>like Sarah, who</ins> obeyed <del>Abraham, calling him lord: whose daughters ye are, as long as ye do well,</del> <ins>Abraham</ins> and <ins>called him her master. You</ins> are <ins>her daughters if you do what is right and do</ins> not <del>afraid with any amazement.</del> <ins>give way to fear.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 3:7]</b> <del>Likewise, ye husbands, dwell with them according to knowledge, giving honour unto</del> <ins>Husbands, in</ins> the <del>wife,</del> <ins>same way be considerate</ins> as <del>unto</del> <ins>you live with your wives, and treat them with respect as</ins> the weaker <del>vessel,</del> <ins>partner</ins> and as <del>being</del> heirs <del>together</del> <ins>with you</ins> of the <del>grace</del> <ins>gracious gift</ins> of <del>life;</del> <ins>life, so</ins> that <ins>nothing will hinder</ins> your <del>prayers be not hindered.</del> <ins>prayers.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 3:8]</b> Finally, <del>be ye</del> all of <ins>you, live in harmony with</ins> one <del>mind, having compassion one of another,</del> <ins>another; be sympathetic,</ins> love as <del>brethren,</del> <ins>brothers,</ins> be <del>pitiful, be courteous:</del> <ins>compassionate and humble.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 3:9]</b> <del>Not rendering</del> <ins>Do not repay</ins> evil <del>for evil,</del> <ins>with evil</ins> or <del>railing for railing:</del> <ins>insult with insult,</ins> but <del>contrariwise blessing; knowing</del> <ins>with blessing, because to this you were called so</ins> that <del>ye are thereunto called, that ye should</del> <ins>you may</ins> inherit a blessing.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 3:10]</b> <del>For he that will</del> <ins>For, "Whoever would</ins> love <del>life,</del> <ins>life</ins> and see good <del>days, let him refrain</del> <ins>days must keep</ins> his tongue from <del>evil,</del> <ins>evil</ins> and his lips <del>that they speak no guile:</del> <ins>from deceitful speech.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 3:11]</b> <del>Let him eschew evil,</del> <ins>He must turn from evil</ins> and do good; <del>let him</del> <ins>he must</ins> seek <del>peace,</del> <ins>peace</ins> and <del>ensue</del> <ins>pursue</ins> it.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 3:12]</b> For the eyes of the Lord are <del>over</del> <ins>on</ins> the <del>righteous,</del> <ins>righteous</ins> and his ears are <del>open unto</del> <ins>attentive to</ins> their <del>prayers:</del> <ins>prayer,</ins> but the face of the Lord is against <del>them that</del> <ins>those who</ins> do <del>evil.</del> <ins>evil."</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 3:13]</b> <del>And who</del> <ins>Who</ins> is <del>he that will</del> <ins>going to</ins> harm <del>you,</del> <ins>you</ins> if <del>ye be followers of that which is</del> <ins>you are eager to do</ins> good?</p><p><b>[1 Peter 3:14]</b> But <del>and</del> <ins>even</ins> if <del>ye</del> <ins>you should</ins> suffer for <del>righteousness' sake, happy</del> <ins>what is right, you</ins> are <del>ye: and be</del> <ins>blessed. "Do</ins> not <del>afraid of their terror, neither</del> <ins>fear what they fear; do not</ins> be <del>troubled;</del> <ins>frightened."</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 3:15]</b> But <del>sanctify the Lord God</del> in your <del>hearts: and</del> <ins>hearts set apart Christ as Lord. Always</ins> be <del>ready always</del> <ins>prepared</ins> to give an answer to <del>every man that asketh</del> <ins>everyone who asks</ins> you <del>a</del> <ins>to give the</ins> reason <del>of</del> <ins>for</ins> the hope that <del>is in</del> you <ins>have. But do this</ins> with <del>meekness</del> <ins>gentleness</ins> and <del>fear:</del> <ins>respect,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 3:16]</b> <del>Having</del> <ins>keeping</ins> a <del>good conscience; that, whereas they</del> <ins>clear conscience, so that those who</ins> speak <del>evil of you, as of evildoers, they</del> <ins>maliciously against your good behavior in Christ</ins> may be ashamed <del>that falsely accuse your good conversation in Christ.</del> <ins>of their slander.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 3:17]</b> <del>For it</del> <ins>It</ins> is better, if <del>the will of God be so, that ye</del> <ins>it is God's will, to</ins> suffer for <del>well doing,</del> <ins>doing good</ins> than for <del>evil doing.</del> <ins>doing evil.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 3:18]</b> For Christ <del>also hath once suffered</del> <ins>died</ins> for <del>sins,</del> <ins>sins once for all,</ins> the <del>just</del> <ins>righteous</ins> for the <del>unjust, that he might bring us</del> <ins>unrighteous,</ins> to <del>God, being</del> <ins>bring you to God. He was</ins> put to death in the <del>flesh,</del> <ins>body</ins> but <del>quickened</del> <ins>made alive</ins> by the <del>Spirit:</del> <ins>Spirit,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 3:19]</b> <del>By which</del> <ins>through whom</ins> also he went and preached <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the spirits in <del>prison;</del> <ins>prison</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 3:20]</b> <del>Which sometime were disobedient,</del> <ins>who disobeyed long ago</ins> when <del>once the longsuffering of</del> God waited <ins>patiently</ins> in the days of <del>Noah,</del> <ins>Noah</ins> while the ark was <ins>being built. In it only</ins> a <del>preparing, wherein few, that is,</del> <ins>few people,</ins> eight <del>souls</del> <ins>in all,</ins> were saved <del>by water.</del> <ins>through water,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 3:21]</b> <del>The like figure whereunto even</del> <ins>and this water symbolizes</ins> baptism <del>doth also</del> <ins>that</ins> now <del>save us (not</del> <ins>saves you also--not</ins> the <del>putting away</del> <ins>removal</ins> of <ins>dirt from</ins> the <del>filth of the flesh,</del> <ins>body</ins> but the <del>answer</del> <ins>pledge</ins> of a good conscience toward <del>God,)</del> <ins>God. It saves you</ins> by the resurrection of Jesus <del>Christ:</del> <ins>Christ,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 3:22]</b> <del>Who is</del> <ins>who has</ins> gone into <del>heaven,</del> <ins>heaven</ins> and is <del>on the</del> <ins>at God's</ins> right <del>hand of God; angels and</del> <ins>hand--with angels,</ins> authorities and powers <del>being made subject unto</del> <ins>in submission to</ins> him.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 4:1]</b> <del>Forasmuch then as</del> <ins>Therefore, since</ins> Christ <del>hath</del> suffered <del>for us</del> in <del>the flesh,</del> <ins>his body,</ins> arm yourselves <del>likewise</del> <ins>also</ins> with the same <del>mind: for</del> <ins>attitude, because</ins> he <del>that hath</del> <ins>who has</ins> suffered in <del>the flesh hath ceased from sin;</del> <ins>his body is done with sin.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 4:2]</b> <del>That</del> <ins>As a result,</ins> he <del>no longer should</del> <ins>does not</ins> live the rest of his <del>time in the flesh to the lusts of men,</del> <ins>earthly life for evil human desires,</ins> but <del>to</del> <ins>rather for</ins> the will of God.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 4:3]</b> For <del>the time past of our life may suffice us to</del> <ins>you</ins> have <del>wrought the will of the Gentiles, when we walked</del> <ins>spent enough time</ins> in <del>lasciviousness, lusts, excess of wine, revellings, banquetings,</del> <ins>the past doing what pagans choose to do--living in debauchery, lust, drunkenness, orgies, carousing</ins> and <del>abominable idolatries:</del> <ins>detestable idolatry.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 4:4]</b> <del>Wherein they</del> <ins>They</ins> think it strange that <del>ye run</del> <ins>you do</ins> not <ins>plunge</ins> with them <del>to</del> <ins>into</ins> the same <del>excess</del> <ins>flood</ins> of <del>riot, speaking evil of you:</del> <ins>dissipation, and they heap abuse on you.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 4:5]</b> <del>Who shall</del> <ins>But they will have to</ins> give account to him <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> is ready to judge the <del>quick</del> <ins>living</ins> and the dead.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 4:6]</b> For <del>for</del> this <del>cause was</del> <ins>is the reason</ins> the gospel <ins>was</ins> preached <del>also</del> <ins>even</ins> to <del>them that</del> <ins>those who</ins> are <ins>now</ins> dead, <ins>so</ins> that they might be judged according to men in <ins>regard to</ins> the <del>flesh,</del> <ins>body,</ins> but live according to God in <ins>regard to</ins> the spirit.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 4:7]</b> <del>But the</del> <ins>The</ins> end of all things is <del>at hand:</del> <ins>near. Therefore</ins> be <del>ye therefore sober,</del> <ins>clear minded</ins> and <del>watch unto prayer.</del> <ins>self-controlled so that you can pray.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 4:8]</b> <del>And above all things have fervent charity among yourselves: for charity shall cover the</del> <ins>Above all, love each other deeply, because love covers over a</ins> multitude of sins.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 4:9]</b> <del>Use</del> <ins>Offer</ins> hospitality <del>one</del> to <ins>one</ins> another without <del>grudging.</del> <ins>grumbling.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 4:10]</b> <del>As every man hath received the gift, even so minister the same</del> <ins>Each</ins> one <ins>should use whatever gift he has received</ins> to <del>another, as good stewards of the manifold</del> <ins>serve others, faithfully administering God's</ins> grace <del>of God.</del> <ins>in its various forms.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 4:11]</b> If <del>any man speak, let him speak as the oracles of God; if any man minister, let him</del> <ins>anyone speaks, he should</ins> do it as <del>of</del> <ins>one speaking</ins> the <del>ability which</del> <ins>very words of God. If anyone serves, he should do it with the strength</ins> God <del>giveth:</del> <ins>provides, so</ins> that <del>God</del> in all things <ins>God</ins> may be <del>glorified</del> <ins>praised</ins> through Jesus <del>Christ, to whom</del> <ins>Christ. To him</ins> be <del>praise</del> <ins>the glory</ins> and <del>dominion</del> <ins>the power</ins> for ever and ever. Amen.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 4:12]</b> <del>Beloved, think it</del> <ins>Dear friends, do</ins> not <del>strange concerning</del> <ins>be surprised at</ins> the <del>fiery</del> <ins>painful</ins> trial <del>which is to try you,</del> <ins>you are suffering,</ins> as though <del>some</del> <ins>something</ins> strange <del>thing happened unto you:</del> <ins>were happening to you.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 4:13]</b> But <del>rejoice, inasmuch as ye are partakers</del> <ins>rejoice that you participate in the sufferings</ins> of <del>Christ's sufferings; that,</del> <ins>Christ, so that you may be overjoyed</ins> when his glory <del>shall be revealed, ye may be glad also with exceeding joy.</del> <ins>is revealed.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 4:14]</b> If <del>ye be reproached for</del> <ins>you are insulted because of</ins> the name of Christ, <del>happy</del> <ins>you</ins> are <del>ye;</del> <ins>blessed,</ins> for the <del>spirit</del> <ins>Spirit</ins> of glory and of God <del>resteth upon you:</del> <ins>rests</ins> on <del>their part he is evil spoken of, but on your part he is glorified.</del> <ins>you.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 4:15]</b> <del>But let none of</del> <ins>If</ins> you <del>suffer</del> <ins>suffer, it should not be</ins> as a <del>murderer,</del> <ins>murderer</ins> or <ins>thief or any other kind of criminal, or even</ins> as a <del>thief, or as an evildoer, or as a busybody in other men's matters.</del> <ins>meddler.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 4:16]</b> <del>Yet</del> <ins>However,</ins> if <del>any man</del> <ins>you</ins> suffer as a Christian, <del>let him</del> <ins>do</ins> not be <del>ashamed;</del> <ins>ashamed,</ins> but <del>let him glorify</del> <ins>praise</ins> God <del>on this behalf.</del> <ins>that you bear that name.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 4:17]</b> For <del>the time</del> <ins>it</ins> is <del>come that</del> <ins>time for</ins> judgment <del>must</del> <ins>to</ins> begin <del>at</del> <ins>with</ins> the <del>house</del> <ins>family</ins> of <del>God:</del> <ins>God;</ins> and if it <del>first begin at</del> <ins>begins with</ins> us, what <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> the <del>end</del> <ins>outcome</ins> be <del>of them that obey</del> <ins>for those who do</ins> not <ins>obey</ins> the gospel of God?</p><p><b>[1 Peter 4:18]</b> <del>And if</del> <ins>And, "If it is hard for</ins> the righteous <del>scarcely</del> <ins>to</ins> be saved, <del>where shall</del> <ins>what will become of</ins> the ungodly and the <del>sinner appear?</del> <ins>sinner?"</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 4:19]</b> <del>Wherefore let them that</del> <ins>So then, those who</ins> suffer according to <del>the</del> <ins>God's</ins> will <del>of God</del> <ins>should</ins> commit <del>the keeping of their souls</del> <ins>themselves</ins> to <del>him in well doing, as unto a</del> <ins>their</ins> faithful <del>Creator.</del> <ins>Creator and continue to do good.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 5:1]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>To the</ins> elders <del>which are</del> among <del>you</del> <ins>you,</ins> I <del>exhort, who am also an</del> <ins>appeal as a fellow</ins> elder, <del>and</del> a witness of <del>the</del> <ins>Christ's</ins> sufferings <del>of Christ,</del> and <ins>one who</ins> also <del>a partaker of</del> <ins>will share in</ins> the glory <del>that shall</del> <ins>to</ins> be revealed:</p><p><b>[1 Peter 5:2]</b> <del>Feed the flock</del> <ins>Be shepherds</ins> of <del>God which</del> <ins>God's flock that</ins> is <del>among you, taking the oversight thereof, not by constraint,</del> <ins>under your care, serving as overseers--not because you must,</ins> but <del>willingly;</del> <ins>because you are willing, as God wants you to be;</ins> not <ins>greedy</ins> for <del>filthy lucre,</del> <ins>money,</ins> but <del>of a ready mind;</del> <ins>eager to serve;</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 5:3]</b> <del>Neither as being lords</del> <ins>not lording it</ins> over <del>God's heritage,</del> <ins>those entrusted to you,</ins> but being examples to the flock.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 5:4]</b> And when the <del>chief</del> <ins>Chief</ins> Shepherd <del>shall appear, ye shall</del> <ins>appears, you will</ins> receive <del>a</del> <ins>the</ins> crown of glory that <del>fadeth not</del> <ins>will never fade</ins> away.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 5:5]</b> <del>Likewise, ye younger, submit yourselves unto</del> <ins>Young men, in</ins> the <del>elder. Yea, all of you</del> <ins>same way</ins> be <del>subject one</del> <ins>submissive</ins> to <del>another, and be clothed</del> <ins>those who are older. All of you, clothe yourselves</ins> with <del>humility: for God resisteth</del> <ins>humility toward one another, because, "God opposes</ins> the <del>proud, and giveth</del> <ins>proud but gives</ins> grace to the <del>humble.</del> <ins>humble."</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 5:6]</b> Humble <del>yourselves therefore</del> <ins>yourselves, therefore,</ins> under <del>the</del> <ins>God's</ins> mighty <del>hand of God,</del> <ins>hand,</ins> that he may <del>exalt</del> <ins>lift</ins> you <ins>up</ins> in due <del>time:</del> <ins>time.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 5:7]</b> <del>Casting</del> <ins>Cast</ins> all your <del>care upon him; for</del> <ins>anxiety on him because</ins> he <del>careth</del> <ins>cares</ins> for you.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 5:8]</b> Be <del>sober, be vigilant; because your adversary</del> <ins>self-controlled and alert. Your enemy</ins> the <del>devil, as</del> <ins>devil prowls around like</ins> a roaring <del>lion, walketh about, seeking whom he may devour:</del> <ins>lion looking for someone to devour.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 5:9]</b> <del>Whom resist stedfast</del> <ins>Resist him, standing firm</ins> in the faith, <del>knowing</del> <ins>because you know</ins> that <ins>your brothers throughout the world are undergoing</ins> the same <del>afflictions are accomplished in your brethren that are in the world.</del> <ins>kind of sufferings.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 5:10]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>And</ins> the God of all grace, who <del>hath</del> called <del>us unto</del> <ins>you to</ins> his eternal glory <del>by Christ Jesus,</del> <ins>in Christ,</ins> after <del>that ye</del> <ins>you</ins> have suffered a <ins>little</ins> while, <ins>will himself restore you and</ins> make you <del>perfect, stablish, strengthen, settle you.</del> <ins>strong, firm and steadfast.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 5:11]</b> To him be <del>glory and dominion</del> <ins>the power</ins> for ever and ever. Amen.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 5:12]</b> <del>By Silvanus,</del> <ins>With the help of Silas, whom I regard as</ins> a faithful <del>brother unto you, as I suppose,</del> <ins>brother,</ins> I have written <ins>to you</ins> briefly, <del>exhorting,</del> <ins>encouraging you</ins> and testifying that this is the true grace of <del>God wherein ye stand.</del> <ins>God. Stand fast in it.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 5:13]</b> <del>The church that</del> <ins>She who</ins> is <del>at</del> <ins>in</ins> Babylon, <del>elected</del> <ins>chosen</ins> together with you, <del>saluteth you;</del> <ins>sends you her greetings,</ins> and so <del>doth Marcus</del> <ins>does</ins> my <del>son.</del> <ins>son Mark.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 5:14]</b> Greet <del>ye</del> one another with a kiss of <del>charity.</del> <ins>love.</ins> Peace <del>be with you</del> <ins>to</ins> all <del>that</del> <ins>of you who</ins> are in <del>Christ Jesus. Amen.</del> <ins>Christ.</ins></p>