<p><b>[1 Thessalonians 1:1]</b> Paul, <ins>Silas</ins> and <del>Silvanus, and Timotheus, unto</del> <ins>Timothy, To</ins> the church of the Thessalonians <del>which is</del> in God the Father and <del>in</del> the Lord Jesus Christ: Grace <del>be unto you,</del> and <del>peace, from God our Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ.</del> <ins>peace to you.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 1:2]</b> We <del>give thanks to God</del> always <ins>thank God</ins> for <del>you all, making mention</del> <ins>all</ins> of <ins>you, mentioning</ins> you in our <del>prayers;</del> <ins>prayers.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 1:3]</b> <del>Remembering without ceasing</del> <ins>We continually remember before our God and Father</ins> your work <del>of</del> <ins>produced by</ins> faith, <del>and labour of</del> <ins>your labor prompted by</ins> love, and <del>patience of</del> <ins>your endurance inspired by</ins> hope in our Lord Jesus <del>Christ, in the sight of God and our Father;</del> <ins>Christ.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 1:4]</b> <del>Knowing, brethren beloved, your election of God.</del> <ins>For we know, brothers loved by God, that he has chosen you,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 1:5]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>because</ins> our gospel came <del>not unto</del> <ins>to</ins> you <del>in word only,</del> <ins>not simply with words,</ins> but also <del>in</del> <ins>with</ins> power, <del>and in</del> <ins>with</ins> the Holy <del>Ghost,</del> <ins>Spirit</ins> and <del>in much assurance; as ye</del> <ins>with deep conviction. You</ins> know <del>what manner of men</del> <ins>how</ins> we <del>were</del> <ins>lived</ins> among you for your sake.</p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 1:6]</b> <del>And ye</del> <ins>You</ins> became <del>followers</del> <ins>imitators</ins> of <del>us,</del> <ins>us</ins> and of the <del>Lord, having received the word</del> <ins>Lord;</ins> in <del>much affliction, with joy</del> <ins>spite</ins> of <ins>severe suffering, you welcomed the message with the joy given by</ins> the Holy <del>Ghost.</del> <ins>Spirit.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 1:7]</b> <del>So that ye were ensamples</del> <ins>And so you became a model</ins> to all <del>that believe</del> <ins>the believers</ins> in Macedonia and Achaia.</p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 1:8]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>The Lord's message rang out</ins> from you <del>sounded out the word of the Lord</del> not only in Macedonia and <del>Achaia, but also in every place your</del> <ins>Achaia--your</ins> faith <del>to God-ward is spread abroad; so that</del> <ins>in God has become known everywhere. Therefore</ins> we <del>need</del> <ins>do</ins> not <ins>need</ins> to <del>speak any thing.</del> <ins>say anything about it,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 1:9]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>for</ins> they themselves <del>shew of us</del> <ins>report</ins> what <del>manner</del> <ins>kind</ins> of <del>entering in we had unto you, and</del> <ins>reception you gave us. They tell</ins> how <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> turned to God from idols to serve the living and true <del>God;</del> <ins>God,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 1:10]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> to wait for his Son from heaven, whom he raised from the <del>dead, even Jesus, which delivered</del> <ins>dead--Jesus, who rescues</ins> us from the <del>wrath to come.</del> <ins>coming wrath.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 2:1]</b> <del>For yourselves, brethren, know our entrance in unto you,</del> <ins>You know, brothers,</ins> that <del>it</del> <ins>our visit to you</ins> was not <del>in vain:</del> <ins>a failure.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 2:2]</b> <del>But even after that we</del> <ins>We</ins> had <ins>previously</ins> suffered <del>before,</del> and <del>were shamefully entreated, as ye know, at Philippi, we were bold</del> <ins>been insulted</ins> in <ins>Philippi, as you know, but with the help of</ins> our God <ins>we dared</ins> to <del>speak unto</del> <ins>tell</ins> you <del>the</del> <ins>his</ins> gospel <ins>in spite</ins> of <del>God with much contention.</del> <ins>strong opposition.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 2:3]</b> For <del>our exhortation was</del> <ins>the appeal we make does</ins> not <del>of deceit,</del> <ins>spring from error or impure motives,</ins> nor <del>of uncleanness, nor in guile:</del> <ins>are we trying to trick you.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 2:4]</b> <del>But as</del> <ins>On the contrary,</ins> we <del>were allowed of</del> <ins>speak as men approved by</ins> God to be <del>put in trust</del> <ins>entrusted</ins> with the <del>gospel, even so we speak;</del> <ins>gospel. We are</ins> not <del>as pleasing men,</del> <ins>trying to please men</ins> but God, <del>which trieth</del> <ins>who tests</ins> our hearts.</p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 2:5]</b> <del>For neither at any time used</del> <ins>You know</ins> we <del>flattering words, as ye know,</del> <ins>never used flattery,</ins> nor <ins>did we put on</ins> a <del>cloke of covetousness; God</del> <ins>mask to cover up greed--God</ins> is <del>witness:</del> <ins>our witness.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 2:6]</b> <del>Nor of men sought we glory, neither of you, nor yet of others, when we might have been burdensome, as the apostles of Christ.</del> <ins>We were not looking for praise from men, not from you or anyone else.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 2:7]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>As apostles of Christ we could have been a burden to you, but</ins> we were gentle among you, <del>even as</del> <ins>like</ins> a <del>nurse cherisheth</del> <ins>mother caring for</ins> her <del>children:</del> <ins>little children.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 2:8]</b> <del>So being affectionately desirous of you,</del> <ins>We loved you so much that</ins> we were <del>willing</del> <ins>delighted</ins> to <del>have imparted unto you,</del> <ins>share with you</ins> not <ins>only</ins> the gospel of God <del>only,</del> but <del>also</del> our <del>own souls,</del> <ins>lives as well,</ins> because <del>ye were</del> <ins>you had become so</ins> dear <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> us.</p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 2:9]</b> <del>For ye</del> <ins>Surely you</ins> remember, <del>brethren,</del> <ins>brothers,</ins> our <del>labour</del> <ins>toil</ins> and <del>travail: for labouring</del> <ins>hardship; we worked</ins> night and <del>day, because we would</del> <ins>day in order</ins> not <ins>to</ins> be <del>chargeable unto any of you,</del> <ins>a burden to anyone while</ins> we preached <del>unto you</del> the gospel of <del>God.</del> <ins>God to you.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 2:10]</b> <del>Ye</del> <ins>You</ins> are witnesses, and <del>God also,</del> <ins>so is God, of</ins> how <del>holily</del> <ins>holy, righteous</ins> and <del>justly and unblameably</del> <ins>blameless</ins> we <del>behaved ourselves</del> <ins>were</ins> among you <del>that believe:</del> <ins>who believed.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 2:11]</b> <del>As ye</del> <ins>For you</ins> know <del>how</del> <ins>that</ins> we <del>exhorted and comforted and charged every one</del> <ins>dealt with each</ins> of <del>you,</del> <ins>you</ins> as a father <del>doth</del> <ins>deals with</ins> his <ins>own</ins> children,</p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 2:12]</b> <del>That ye would walk</del> <ins>encouraging, comforting and urging you to live lives</ins> worthy of God, who <del>hath called</del> <ins>calls</ins> you <del>unto</del> <ins>into</ins> his kingdom and glory.</p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 2:13]</b> <del>For this cause</del> <ins>And we</ins> also thank <del>we</del> God <del>without ceasing,</del> <ins>continually</ins> because, when <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> received the word of <del>God</del> <ins>God,</ins> which <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> heard <del>of</del> <ins>from</ins> us, <del>ye received</del> <ins>you accepted</ins> it not as the word of men, but as it <del>is in truth,</del> <ins>actually is,</ins> the word of God, which <del>effectually worketh also</del> <ins>is at work</ins> in you <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> believe.</p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 2:14]</b> For <del>ye, brethren,</del> <ins>you, brothers,</ins> became <del>followers</del> <ins>imitators</ins> of <del>the</del> <ins>God's</ins> churches <del>of God which</del> in <del>Judaea</del> <ins>Judea, which</ins> are in Christ Jesus: <del>for ye also have</del> <ins>You</ins> suffered <del>like things of</del> <ins>from</ins> your own <del>countrymen, even as they have of</del> <ins>countrymen</ins> the <del>Jews:</del> <ins>same things those churches suffered from the Jews,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 2:15]</b> <del>Who both</del> <ins>who</ins> killed the Lord <del>Jesus,</del> <ins>Jesus</ins> and <del>their own prophets,</del> <ins>the prophets</ins> and <del>have persecuted us; and they please not God,</del> <ins>also drove us out. They displease God</ins> and are <del>contrary</del> <ins>hostile</ins> to all <del>men:</del> <ins>men</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 2:16]</b> <del>Forbidding us</del> <ins>in their effort</ins> to <del>speak</del> <ins>keep us from speaking</ins> to the Gentiles <ins>so</ins> that they <del>might</del> <ins>may</ins> be <del>saved, to fill</del> <ins>saved. In this way they always heap</ins> up their sins <del>alway: for</del> <ins>to</ins> the <ins>limit. The</ins> wrath <del>is</del> <ins>of God has</ins> come upon them <del>to the uttermost.</del> <ins>at last.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 2:17]</b> <del>But we, brethren, being taken</del> <ins>But, brothers, when we were torn away</ins> from you for a short time <del>in presence,</del> <ins>(in person,</ins> not in <del>heart, endeavoured the more abundantly</del> <ins>thought), out of our intense longing we made every effort</ins> to see <del>your face with great desire.</del> <ins>you.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 2:18]</b> <del>Wherefore</del> <ins>For</ins> we <del>would have</del> <ins>wanted to</ins> come <del>unto you, even I</del> <ins>to you--certainly I,</ins> Paul, <del>once</del> <ins>did, again</ins> and <del>again; but</del> <ins>again--but</ins> Satan <del>hindered</del> <ins>stopped</ins> us.</p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 2:19]</b> For what is our hope, <del>or</del> <ins>our</ins> joy, or <ins>the</ins> crown <del>of rejoicing? Are not even ye</del> <ins>in which we will glory</ins> in the presence of our Lord Jesus <del>Christ at his coming?</del> <ins>when he comes? Is it not you?</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 2:20]</b> <del>For ye</del> <ins>Indeed, you</ins> are our glory and joy.</p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 3:1]</b> <del>Wherefore</del> <ins>So</ins> when we could <ins>stand it</ins> no <del>longer forbear,</del> <ins>longer,</ins> we thought it <del>good</del> <ins>best</ins> to be left <del>at Athens alone;</del> <ins>by ourselves in Athens.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 3:2]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>We</ins> sent <del>Timotheus,</del> <ins>Timothy, who is</ins> our <del>brother,</del> <ins>brother</ins> and <del>minister of God, and our fellowlabourer</del> <ins>God's fellow worker</ins> in <ins>spreading</ins> the gospel of Christ, to <del>establish you,</del> <ins>strengthen</ins> and <del>to comfort</del> <ins>encourage</ins> you <del>concerning</del> <ins>in</ins> your <del>faith:</del> <ins>faith,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 3:3]</b> <del>That</del> <ins>so that</ins> no <del>man should</del> <ins>one would</ins> be <del>moved</del> <ins>unsettled</ins> by these <del>afflictions: for yourselves</del> <ins>trials. You</ins> know <ins>quite well</ins> that we <del>are appointed thereunto.</del> <ins>were destined for them.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 3:4]</b> <del>For verily,</del> <ins>In fact,</ins> when we were with you, we <del>told</del> <ins>kept telling</ins> you <del>before</del> that we <del>should suffer tribulation; even as</del> <ins>would be persecuted. And</ins> it <del>came to pass, and ye</del> <ins>turned out that way, as you well</ins> know.</p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 3:5]</b> For this <del>cause,</del> <ins>reason,</ins> when I could <ins>stand it</ins> no <del>longer forbear,</del> <ins>longer,</ins> I sent <ins>Timothy</ins> to <del>know</del> <ins>find out about</ins> your <del>faith, lest by</del> <ins>faith. I was afraid that in</ins> some <del>means</del> <ins>way</ins> the tempter <ins>might</ins> have tempted <del>you,</del> <ins>you</ins> and our <del>labour be in vain.</del> <ins>efforts might have been useless.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 3:6]</b> But <ins>Timothy has just</ins> now <del>when Timotheus came</del> <ins>come to us</ins> from you <del>unto us,</del> and <ins>has</ins> brought <del>us</del> good <del>tidings of</del> <ins>news about</ins> your faith and <del>charity, and</del> <ins>love. He has told us</ins> that <del>ye</del> <ins>you always</ins> have <del>good remembrance</del> <ins>pleasant memories</ins> of us <del>always, desiring greatly</del> <ins>and that you long</ins> to see us, <ins>just</ins> as we also <ins>long</ins> to see <del>you:</del> <ins>you.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 3:7]</b> Therefore, <del>brethren, we were comforted over you</del> <ins>brothers,</ins> in all our <del>affliction and</del> distress <del>by</del> <ins>and persecution we were encouraged about you because of</ins> your <del>faith:</del> <ins>faith.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 3:8]</b> For now we <ins>really</ins> live, <del>if ye stand fast</del> <ins>since you are standing firm</ins> in the Lord.</p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 3:9]</b> <del>For what thanks</del> <ins>How</ins> can we <del>render to</del> <ins>thank</ins> God <del>again</del> <ins>enough</ins> for <del>you,</del> <ins>you in return</ins> for all the joy <del>wherewith</del> we <del>joy for your sakes before</del> <ins>have in the presence of</ins> our <del>God;</del> <ins>God because of you?</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 3:10]</b> Night and day <del>praying exceedingly</del> <ins>we pray most earnestly</ins> that we <del>might</del> <ins>may</ins> see <del>your face,</del> <ins>you again</ins> and <del>might perfect that which</del> <ins>supply what</ins> is lacking in your <del>faith?</del> <ins>faith.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 3:11]</b> Now <del>God himself and</del> <ins>may</ins> our <del>Father,</del> <ins>God and Father himself</ins> and our Lord Jesus <del>Christ, direct our</del> <ins>clear the</ins> way <del>unto</del> <ins>for us to come to</ins> you.</p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 3:12]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>May</ins> the Lord make <del>you to</del> <ins>your love</ins> increase and <del>abound in love one toward another,</del> <ins>overflow for each other</ins> and <del>toward all men, even</del> <ins>for everyone else, just</ins> as <del>we do toward you:</del> <ins>ours does for you.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 3:13]</b> <del>To the end</del> <ins>May</ins> he <del>may stablish</del> <ins>strengthen</ins> your hearts <del>unblameable</del> <ins>so that you will be blameless and holy</ins> in <del>holiness before God, even our Father, at</del> the <del>coming</del> <ins>presence</ins> of <ins>our God and Father when</ins> our Lord Jesus <del>Christ</del> <ins>comes</ins> with all his <del>saints.</del> <ins>holy ones.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 4:1]</b> <del>Furthermore then</del> <ins>Finally, brothers,</ins> we <del>beseech you, brethren, and exhort</del> <ins>instructed</ins> you <del>by the Lord Jesus, that as ye have received of us</del> how <del>ye ought</del> to <del>walk and</del> <ins>live in order</ins> to please God, <del>so ye would abound</del> <ins>as in fact you are living. Now we ask you and urge you in the Lord Jesus to do this</ins> more and more.</p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 4:2]</b> For <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> know what <del>commandments</del> <ins>instructions</ins> we gave you by the <ins>authority of the</ins> Lord Jesus.</p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 4:3]</b> <del>For this</del> <ins>It</ins> is <del>the</del> <ins>God's</ins> will <del>of God, even your sanctification,</del> that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> should <del>abstain from fornication:</del> <ins>be sanctified: that you should avoid sexual immorality;</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 4:4]</b> <del>That every one</del> <ins>that each</ins> of you should <del>know how</del> <ins>learn</ins> to <del>possess</del> <ins>control</ins> his <del>vessel</del> <ins>own body</ins> in <del>sanctification</del> <ins>a way that is holy</ins> and <del>honour;</del> <ins>honorable,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 4:5]</b> <del>Not in the lust of concupiscence, even as the Gentiles which know</del> not <del>God:</del> <ins>in passionate lust like the heathen, who do not know God;</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 4:6]</b> <del>That no man go beyond</del> and <del>defraud</del> <ins>that in this matter no one should wrong</ins> his brother <del>in any matter: because that the Lord is the avenger</del> <ins>or take advantage</ins> of <ins>him. The Lord will punish men for</ins> all <del>such,</del> <ins>such sins,</ins> as we <del>also</del> have <del>forewarned</del> <ins>already told</ins> you and <del>testified.</del> <ins>warned you.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 4:7]</b> For God <del>hath</del> <ins>did</ins> not <del>called</del> <ins>call</ins> us <del>unto uncleanness,</del> <ins>to be impure,</ins> but <del>unto holiness.</del> <ins>to live a holy life.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 4:8]</b> <del>He therefore that despiseth, despiseth</del> <ins>Therefore, he who rejects this instruction does</ins> not <del>man,</del> <ins>reject man</ins> but God, who <del>hath also given unto us</del> <ins>gives you</ins> his <del>holy</del> <ins>Holy</ins> Spirit.</p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 4:9]</b> <del>But as touching</del> <ins>Now about</ins> brotherly love <del>ye need</del> <ins>we do</ins> not <del>that I</del> <ins>need to</ins> write <del>unto you:</del> <ins>to you,</ins> for <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> yourselves <del>are</del> <ins>have been</ins> taught <del>of</del> <ins>by</ins> God to love <del>one another.</del> <ins>each other.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 4:10]</b> And <del>indeed ye</del> <ins>in fact, you</ins> do <del>it toward</del> <ins>love</ins> all the <del>brethren which are in all Macedonia: but</del> <ins>brothers throughout Macedonia. Yet</ins> we <del>beseech</del> <ins>urge</ins> you, <del>brethren, that ye increase</del> <ins>brothers, to do so</ins> more and <del>more;</del> <ins>more.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 4:11]</b> <del>And that ye study</del> <ins>Make it your ambition</ins> to <del>be quiet, and</del> <ins>lead a quiet life,</ins> to <del>do</del> <ins>mind</ins> your own <del>business,</del> <ins>business</ins> and to work with your <del>own</del> hands, <ins>just</ins> as we <del>commanded you;</del> <ins>told you,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 4:12]</b> <del>That ye may walk honestly toward them</del> <ins>so</ins> that <del>are without, and that ye</del> <ins>your daily life</ins> may <del>have lack</del> <ins>win the respect</ins> of <del>nothing.</del> <ins>outsiders and so that you will not be dependent on anybody.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 4:13]</b> <del>But I would</del> <ins>Brothers, we do</ins> not <del>have</del> <ins>want</ins> you to be <del>ignorant, brethren, concerning them which are</del> <ins>ignorant about those who fall</ins> asleep, <del>that ye sorrow not, even as others which</del> <ins>or to grieve like the rest of men, who</ins> have no hope.</p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 4:14]</b> <del>For if we</del> <ins>We</ins> believe that Jesus died and rose <del>again, even</del> <ins>again and</ins> so <del>them also which sleep in Jesus will</del> <ins>we believe that</ins> God <ins>will</ins> bring with <ins>Jesus those who have fallen asleep in</ins> him.</p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 4:15]</b> <del>For this we say unto you by</del> <ins>According to</ins> the <del>word of the Lord,</del> <ins>Lord's own word, we tell you</ins> that we <del>which</del> <ins>who</ins> are <del>alive and remain unto</del> <ins>still alive, who are left till</ins> the coming of the <del>Lord shall</del> <ins>Lord, will certainly</ins> not <del>prevent them which are</del> <ins>precede those who have fallen</ins> asleep.</p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 4:16]</b> For the Lord himself <del>shall descend</del> <ins>will come down</ins> from <del>heaven</del> <ins>heaven,</ins> with a <del>shout,</del> <ins>loud command,</ins> with the voice of the <del>archangel,</del> <ins>archangel</ins> and with the <del>trump</del> <ins>trumpet call</ins> of <del>God:</del> <ins>God,</ins> and the dead in Christ <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> rise <del>first:</del> <ins>first.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 4:17]</b> <del>Then</del> <ins>After that,</ins> we <del>which</del> <ins>who</ins> are <ins>still</ins> alive and <del>remain shall</del> <ins>are left will</ins> be caught up together with them in the <del>clouds,</del> <ins>clouds</ins> to meet the Lord in the <del>air: and</del> <ins>air. And</ins> so <del>shall</del> we <del>ever</del> <ins>will</ins> be with the <del>Lord.</del> <ins>Lord forever.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 4:18]</b> <del>Wherefore comfort one another</del> <ins>Therefore encourage each other</ins> with these words.</p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 5:1]</b> <del>But of the</del> <ins>Now, brothers, about</ins> times and <del>the seasons, brethren, ye have no</del> <ins>dates we do not</ins> need <del>that I</del> <ins>to</ins> write <del>unto you.</del> <ins>to you,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 5:2]</b> <del>For yourselves</del> <ins>for you</ins> know <del>perfectly</del> <ins>very well</ins> that the day of the Lord <del>so cometh as</del> <ins>will come like</ins> a thief in the night.</p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 5:3]</b> <del>For when they shall say, Peace</del> <ins>While people are saying, "Peace</ins> and <del>safety; then sudden</del> <ins>safety,"</ins> destruction <del>cometh upon them,</del> <ins>will come on them suddenly,</ins> as <del>travail upon</del> <ins>labor pains on</ins> a <del>woman with child;</del> <ins>pregnant woman,</ins> and they <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> not escape.</p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 5:4]</b> But <del>ye, brethren,</del> <ins>you, brothers,</ins> are not in <del>darkness,</del> <ins>darkness so</ins> that <del>that</del> <ins>this</ins> day should <del>overtake</del> <ins>surprise</ins> you <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> a thief.</p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 5:5]</b> <del>Ye</del> <ins>You</ins> are all <del>the children of light, and the children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of the <del>day: we are not</del> <ins>light and sons</ins> of the <del>night, nor of</del> <ins>day. We do not belong to the night or to the</ins> darkness.</p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 5:6]</b> <del>Therefore</del> <ins>So then,</ins> let us not <del>sleep, as do others;</del> <ins>be like others, who are asleep,</ins> but let us <del>watch and</del> be <del>sober.</del> <ins>alert and self-controlled.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 5:7]</b> For <del>they that</del> <ins>those who sleep,</ins> sleep <del>sleep in the night;</del> <ins>at night,</ins> and <del>they that be drunken are drunken in the</del> <ins>those who get drunk, get drunk at</ins> night.</p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 5:8]</b> But <del>let us, who are of</del> <ins>since we belong to</ins> the day, <ins>let us</ins> be <del>sober,</del> <ins>self-controlled,</ins> putting on <del>the breastplate of</del> faith and <del>love;</del> <ins>love as a breastplate,</ins> and <del>for an helmet,</del> the hope of <del>salvation.</del> <ins>salvation as a helmet.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 5:9]</b> For God <del>hath</del> <ins>did</ins> not <del>appointed</del> <ins>appoint</ins> us to <del>wrath,</del> <ins>suffer wrath</ins> but to <del>obtain</del> <ins>receive</ins> salvation <del>by</del> <ins>through</ins> our Lord Jesus <del>Christ,</del> <ins>Christ.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 5:10]</b> <del>Who</del> <ins>He</ins> died for <del>us,</del> <ins>us so</ins> that, whether we <del>wake</del> <ins>are awake</ins> or <del>sleep,</del> <ins>asleep,</ins> we <del>should</del> <ins>may</ins> live together with him.</p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 5:11]</b> <del>Wherefore comfort yourselves together, and edify</del> <ins>Therefore encourage</ins> one <del>another, even</del> <ins>another and build each other up, just</ins> as <del>also ye do.</del> <ins>in fact you are doing.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 5:12]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Now</ins> we <del>beseech</del> <ins>ask</ins> you, <del>brethren,</del> <ins>brothers,</ins> to <del>know them which labour</del> <ins>respect those who work hard</ins> among you, <del>and</del> <ins>who</ins> are over you in the <del>Lord,</del> <ins>Lord</ins> and <ins>who</ins> admonish <del>you;</del> <ins>you.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 5:13]</b> <del>And to esteem</del> <ins>Hold</ins> them <del>very highly</del> <ins>in the highest regard</ins> in love <del>for</del> <ins>because of</ins> their <del>work's sake. And be at</del> <ins>work. Live in</ins> peace <del>among yourselves.</del> <ins>with each other.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 5:14]</b> <del>Now</del> <ins>And</ins> we <del>exhort</del> <ins>urge</ins> you, <del>brethren,</del> <ins>brothers,</ins> warn <del>them that</del> <ins>those who</ins> are <del>unruly, comfort</del> <ins>idle, encourage</ins> the <del>feebleminded, support</del> <ins>timid, help</ins> the weak, be patient <del>toward all men.</del> <ins>with everyone.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 5:15]</b> <del>See</del> <ins>Make sure</ins> that <del>none render evil</del> <ins>nobody pays back wrong</ins> for <del>evil unto any man;</del> <ins>wrong,</ins> but <del>ever follow that which is good, both among yourselves,</del> <ins>always try to be kind to each other</ins> and to <del>all men.</del> <ins>everyone else.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 5:16]</b> <del>Rejoice evermore.</del> <ins>Be joyful always;</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 5:17]</b> <del>Pray without ceasing.</del> <ins>pray continually;</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 5:18]</b> <del>In every thing</del> give <del>thanks:</del> <ins>thanks in all circumstances,</ins> for this is <del>the</del> <ins>God's</ins> will <del>of God</del> <ins>for you</ins> in Christ <del>Jesus concerning you.</del> <ins>Jesus.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 5:19]</b> <del>Quench</del> <ins>Do</ins> not <ins>put out</ins> the <del>Spirit.</del> <ins>Spirit's fire;</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 5:20]</b> <del>Despise</del> <ins>do</ins> not <del>prophesyings.</del> <ins>treat prophecies with contempt.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 5:21]</b> <del>Prove all things; hold fast that which is</del> <ins>Test everything. Hold on to the</ins> good.</p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 5:22]</b> <del>Abstain from all appearance</del> <ins>Avoid every kind</ins> of evil.</p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 5:23]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>May God himself,</ins> the <del>very</del> God of <del>peace</del> <ins>peace,</ins> sanctify you <del>wholly;</del> <ins>through</ins> and <del>I pray God</del> <ins>through. May</ins> your whole <del>spirit and</del> <ins>spirit,</ins> soul and body be <del>preserved</del> <ins>kept</ins> blameless <del>unto</del> <ins>at</ins> the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ.</p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 5:24]</b> <del>Faithful is he that calleth you,</del> <ins>The one</ins> who <del>also</del> <ins>calls you is faithful and he</ins> will do it.</p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 5:25]</b> <del>Brethren,</del> <ins>Brothers,</ins> pray for us.</p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 5:26]</b> Greet all the <del>brethren</del> <ins>brothers</ins> with <del>an</del> <ins>a</ins> holy kiss.</p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 5:27]</b> I charge you <del>by</del> <ins>before</ins> the Lord <del>that</del> <ins>to have</ins> this <del>epistle be</del> <ins>letter</ins> read <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> all the <del>holy brethren.</del> <ins>brothers.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Thessalonians 5:28]</b> The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you. <del>Amen.</del></p>