<p><b>[2 John 1:1]</b> The <del>elder unto the elect lady and her children, whom I love in the truth; and not I only, but also all they that have known the truth;</del> <ins>elder,</ins></p><p><b>[2 John 1:2]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>To</ins> the <del>truth's sake, which dwelleth in us,</del> <ins>chosen lady</ins> and <del>shall</del> <ins>her children, whom I love in the truth--and not I only, but also all who know the truth--because of the truth, which lives in us and will</ins> be with us <del>for ever.</del> <ins>forever:</ins></p><p><b>[2 John 1:3]</b> <del>Grace be with you, mercy,</del> <ins>Grace, mercy</ins> and <del>peace,</del> <ins>peace</ins> from God the <del>Father,</del> <ins>Father</ins> and from <del>the Lord</del> Jesus Christ, the <del>Son of the Father,</del> <ins>Father's Son, will be with us</ins> in truth and love.</p><p><b>[2 John 1:4]</b> <del>I rejoiced greatly that I found</del> <ins>It has given me great joy to find some</ins> of <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> children walking in <del>truth, as we have received a commandment from</del> the <del>Father.</del> <ins>truth, just as the Father commanded us.</ins></p><p><b>[2 John 1:5]</b> And <del>now I beseech thee,</del> <ins>now, dear</ins> lady, <del>not as though</del> I <del>wrote</del> <ins>am not writing you</ins> a new <del>commandment unto thee,</del> <ins>command</ins> but <del>that which</del> <ins>one</ins> we <ins>have</ins> had from the <del>beginning,</del> <ins>beginning. I ask</ins> that we love one another.</p><p><b>[2 John 1:6]</b> And this is <del>love,</del> <ins>love:</ins> that we walk <del>after</del> <ins>in obedience to</ins> his <del>commandments. This is the commandment, That, as ye</del> <ins>commands. As you</ins> have heard from the beginning, <del>ye should</del> <ins>his command is that you</ins> walk in <del>it.</del> <ins>love.</ins></p><p><b>[2 John 1:7]</b> <del>For many deceivers are entered into the world,</del> <ins>Many deceivers,</ins> who <del>confess</del> <ins>do</ins> not <del>that</del> <ins>acknowledge</ins> Jesus Christ <del>is come</del> <ins>as coming</ins> in the <del>flesh. This</del> <ins>flesh, have gone out into the world. Any such person</ins> is <del>a</del> <ins>the</ins> deceiver and <del>an</del> <ins>the</ins> antichrist.</p><p><b>[2 John 1:8]</b> <del>Look to yourselves,</del> <ins>Watch out</ins> that <del>we lose</del> <ins>you do</ins> not <del>those things which we</del> <ins>lose what you</ins> have <del>wrought,</del> <ins>worked for,</ins> but that <del>we receive a full reward.</del> <ins>you may be rewarded fully.</ins></p><p><b>[2 John 1:9]</b> <del>Whosoever transgresseth,</del> <ins>Anyone who runs ahead</ins> and <del>abideth</del> <ins>does</ins> not <ins>continue</ins> in the <del>doctrine</del> <ins>teaching</ins> of <del>Christ, hath</del> <ins>Christ does</ins> not <del>God. He that abideth</del> <ins>have God; whoever continues</ins> in the <del>doctrine of Christ, he hath</del> <ins>teaching has</ins> both the Father and the Son.</p><p><b>[2 John 1:10]</b> If <del>there come any unto you,</del> <ins>anyone comes to you</ins> and <del>bring</del> <ins>does</ins> not <ins>bring</ins> this <del>doctrine, receive him</del> <ins>teaching, do</ins> not <ins>take him</ins> into your <del>house, neither bid him God speed:</del> <ins>house or welcome him.</ins></p><p><b>[2 John 1:11]</b> <del>For he that biddeth</del> <ins>Anyone who welcomes</ins> him <del>God speed is partaker of</del> <ins>shares in</ins> his <del>evil deeds.</del> <ins>wicked work.</ins></p><p><b>[2 John 1:12]</b> <del>Having many things</del> <ins>I have much</ins> to write <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> you, <del>I would not write with paper and ink:</del> but I <del>trust</del> <ins>do not want</ins> to <del>come unto you,</del> <ins>use paper</ins> and <del>speak</del> <ins>ink. Instead, I hope to visit you and talk with you</ins> face to face, <ins>so</ins> that our joy may be <del>full.</del> <ins>complete.</ins></p><p><b>[2 John 1:13]</b> The children of <del>thy elect</del> <ins>your chosen</ins> sister <del>greet thee. Amen.</del> <ins>send their greetings.</ins></p>