<p><b>[Amos 1:1]</b> The words of Amos, <del>who was among the herdmen</del> <ins>one</ins> of <del>Tekoa, which</del> <ins>the shepherds of Tekoa-what</ins> he saw concerning Israel <del>in the days of Uzziah king of Judah, and in the days of Jeroboam the son of Joash king of Israel,</del> two years before the <del>earthquake.</del> <ins>earthquake, when Uzziah was king of Judah and Jeroboam son of Jehoash was king of Israel.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 1:2]</b> <del>And he said, The</del> <ins>He said: "The</ins> LORD <del>will roar</del> <ins>roars</ins> from <del>Zion,</del> <ins>Zion</ins> and <del>utter his voice</del> <ins>thunders</ins> from Jerusalem; <del>and</del> the <del>habitations</del> <ins>pastures</ins> of the shepherds <del>shall mourn,</del> <ins>dry up,</ins> and the top of Carmel <del>shall wither.</del> <ins>withers."</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 1:3]</b> <del>Thus saith</del> <ins>This is what</ins> the <del>LORD; For</del> <ins>LORD says: "For</ins> three <del>transgressions</del> <ins>sins</ins> of Damascus, <del>and</del> <ins>even</ins> for four, I will not turn <del>away the punishment thereof; because they have</del> <ins>back my wrath. Because she</ins> threshed Gilead with <del>threshing instruments of iron:</del> <ins>sledges having iron teeth,</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 1:4]</b> <del>But</del> I will send <del>a</del> fire <del>into</del> <ins>upon</ins> the house of <del>Hazael, which shall devour</del> <ins>Hazael that will consume</ins> the <del>palaces</del> <ins>fortresses</ins> of <del>Benhadad.</del> <ins>Ben-Hadad.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 1:5]</b> I will break <del>also</del> <ins>down</ins> the <del>bar</del> <ins>gate</ins> of <del>Damascus, and cut off</del> <ins>Damascus; I will destroy</ins> the <del>inhabitant from</del> <ins>king who is in</ins> the <del>plain</del> <ins>Valley</ins> of <del>Aven, and him that holdeth the sceptre from the house of Eden:</del> <ins>Aven</ins> and the <ins>one who holds the scepter in Beth Eden. The</ins> people of <del>Syria shall</del> <ins>Aram will</ins> go into <del>captivity unto Kir, saith</del> <ins>exile to Kir," says</ins> the LORD.</p><p><b>[Amos 1:6]</b> <del>Thus saith</del> <ins>This is what</ins> the <del>LORD; For</del> <ins>LORD says: "For</ins> three <del>transgressions</del> <ins>sins</ins> of Gaza, <del>and</del> <ins>even</ins> for four, I will not turn <del>away the punishment thereof; because they carried away</del> <ins>back my wrath. Because she took</ins> captive <del>the</del> whole <del>captivity, to deliver</del> <ins>communities and sold</ins> them <del>up</del> to <del>Edom:</del> <ins>Edom,</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 1:7]</b> <del>But</del> I will send <del>a</del> fire <del>on</del> <ins>upon</ins> the <del>wall</del> <ins>walls</ins> of <del>Gaza, which shall devour the palaces thereof:</del> <ins>Gaza that will consume her fortresses.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 1:8]</b> <del>And</del> I will <del>cut off</del> <ins>destroy</ins> the <del>inhabitant from Ashdod,</del> <ins>king of Ashdod</ins> and <del>him that holdeth</del> the <del>sceptre from Ashkelon, and</del> <ins>one who holds the scepter in Ashkelon.</ins> I will turn <del>mine</del> <ins>my</ins> hand against <del>Ekron: and</del> <ins>Ekron, till</ins> the <del>remnant</del> <ins>last</ins> of the Philistines <del>shall perish, saith</del> <ins>is dead," says</ins> the <del>Lord GOD.</del> <ins>Sovereign LORD.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 1:9]</b> <del>Thus saith</del> <ins>This is what</ins> the <del>LORD; For</del> <ins>LORD says: "For</ins> three <del>transgressions</del> <ins>sins</ins> of <del>Tyrus, and</del> <ins>Tyre, even</ins> for four, I will not turn <del>away the punishment thereof; because they delivered up the</del> <ins>back my wrath. Because she sold</ins> whole <del>captivity</del> <ins>communities of captives</ins> to Edom, <del>and remembered not the brotherly covenant:</del> <ins>disregarding a treaty of brotherhood,</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 1:10]</b> <del>But</del> I will send <del>a</del> fire <del>on</del> <ins>upon</ins> the <del>wall</del> <ins>walls</ins> of <del>Tyrus, which shall devour the palaces thereof.</del> <ins>Tyre that will consume her fortresses."</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 1:11]</b> <del>Thus saith</del> <ins>This is what</ins> the <del>LORD; For</del> <ins>LORD says: "For</ins> three <del>transgressions</del> <ins>sins</ins> of Edom, <del>and</del> <ins>even</ins> for four, I will not turn <del>away the punishment thereof; because</del> <ins>back my wrath. Because</ins> he <del>did pursue</del> <ins>pursued</ins> his brother with <del>the</del> <ins>a</ins> sword, <del>and did cast off</del> <ins>stifling</ins> all <del>pity, and</del> <ins>compassion, because</ins> his anger <del>did tear perpetually,</del> <ins>raged continually</ins> and <del>he kept</del> his <del>wrath for ever:</del> <ins>fury flamed unchecked,</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 1:12]</b> <del>But</del> I will send <del>a</del> fire upon <del>Teman, which shall devour</del> <ins>Teman that will consume</ins> the <del>palaces</del> <ins>fortresses</ins> of <del>Bozrah.</del> <ins>Bozrah."</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 1:13]</b> <del>Thus saith</del> <ins>This is what</ins> the <del>LORD; For</del> <ins>LORD says: "For</ins> three <del>transgressions of the children</del> <ins>sins</ins> of Ammon, <del>and</del> <ins>even</ins> for four, I will not turn <del>away the punishment thereof; because they have</del> <ins>back {my wrath}. Because he</ins> ripped <del>up</del> <ins>open</ins> the <ins>pregnant</ins> women <del>with child</del> of <del>Gilead, that they might enlarge their border:</del> <ins>Gilead in order to extend his borders,</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 1:14]</b> <del>But</del> I will <del>kindle a</del> <ins>set</ins> fire <del>in</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>wall</del> <ins>walls</ins> of <del>Rabbah, and it shall devour the palaces thereof, with shouting in</del> <ins>Rabbah that will consume her fortresses amid war cries on</ins> the day of battle, <del>with</del> <ins>amid violent winds on</ins> a <del>tempest in the day of the whirlwind:</del> <ins>stormy day.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 1:15]</b> <del>And their</del> <ins>Her</ins> king <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> go into <del>captivity,</del> <ins>exile,</ins> he and his <del>princes together, saith</del> <ins>officials together," says</ins> the LORD.</p><p><b>[Amos 2:1]</b> <del>Thus saith</del> <ins>This is what</ins> the <del>LORD; For</del> <ins>LORD says: "For</ins> three <del>transgressions</del> <ins>sins</ins> of Moab, <del>and</del> <ins>even</ins> for four, I will not turn <del>away the punishment thereof; because</del> <ins>back {my wrath}. Because</ins> he <del>burned</del> <ins>burned, as if to lime,</ins> the bones of <del>the king of Edom into lime:</del> <ins>Edom's king,</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 2:2]</b> <del>But</del> I will send <del>a</del> fire upon <del>Moab, and it shall devour the palaces of Kirioth: and</del> Moab <del>shall die with tumult, with shouting, and with</del> <ins>that will consume</ins> the <del>sound</del> <ins>fortresses of Kerioth. Moab will go down in great tumult amid war cries and the blast</ins> of the <del>trumpet:</del> <ins>trumpet.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 2:3]</b> <del>And</del> I will <del>cut off the judge from the midst thereof,</del> <ins>destroy her ruler</ins> and <del>will slay</del> <ins>kill</ins> all <del>the princes thereof</del> <ins>her officials</ins> with <del>him, saith</del> <ins>him," says</ins> the LORD.</p><p><b>[Amos 2:4]</b> <del>Thus saith</del> <ins>This is what</ins> the <del>LORD; For</del> <ins>LORD says: "For</ins> three <del>transgressions</del> <ins>sins</ins> of Judah, <del>and</del> <ins>even</ins> for four, I will not turn <del>away the punishment thereof; because</del> <ins>back {my wrath}. Because</ins> they have <del>despised</del> <ins>rejected</ins> the law of the <del>LORD,</del> <ins>LORD</ins> and have not kept his <del>commandments, and their lies caused them to err, after the which their fathers</del> <ins>decrees, because they</ins> have <del>walked:</del> <ins>been led astray by false gods, the gods their ancestors followed,</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 2:5]</b> <del>But</del> I will send <del>a</del> fire upon <del>Judah, and it shall devour</del> <ins>Judah that will consume</ins> the <del>palaces</del> <ins>fortresses</ins> of <del>Jerusalem.</del> <ins>Jerusalem."</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 2:6]</b> <del>Thus saith</del> <ins>This is what</ins> the <del>LORD; For</del> <ins>LORD says: "For</ins> three <del>transgressions</del> <ins>sins</ins> of Israel, <del>and</del> <ins>even</ins> for four, I will not turn <del>away the punishment thereof; because they sold</del> <ins>back {my wrath}. They sell</ins> the righteous for silver, and the <del>poor</del> <ins>needy</ins> for a pair of <del>shoes;</del> <ins>sandals.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 2:7]</b> <del>That pant after</del> <ins>They trample on the heads of the poor as upon</ins> the dust of the <del>earth on the head of the poor,</del> <ins>ground</ins> and <del>turn aside</del> <ins>deny justice to</ins> the <del>way of the meek:</del> <ins>oppressed. Father</ins> and <del>a man and his father will go in unto</del> <ins>son use</ins> the same <del>maid, to</del> <ins>girl and so</ins> profane my holy <del>name:</del> <ins>name.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 2:8]</b> <del>And they lay themselves</del> <ins>They lie</ins> down <del>upon clothes laid to pledge by</del> <ins>beside</ins> every <del>altar, and they drink the wine of the condemned</del> <ins>altar on garments taken</ins> in <ins>pledge. In</ins> the house of their <del>god.</del> <ins>god they drink wine taken as fines.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 2:9]</b> <del>Yet</del> <ins>"I</ins> destroyed <del>I</del> the Amorite before them, <del>whose height was like the height of the cedars, and</del> <ins>though</ins> he was <ins>tall as the cedars and</ins> strong as the <del>oaks; yet</del> <ins>oaks.</ins> I destroyed his fruit <del>from above,</del> <ins>above</ins> and his roots <del>from beneath.</del> <ins>below.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 2:10]</b> <del>Also I</del> <ins>"I</ins> brought you up <del>from the land</del> <ins>out</ins> of Egypt, and <ins>I</ins> led you forty years <del>through</del> <ins>in</ins> the <del>wilderness,</del> <ins>desert</ins> to <del>possess</del> <ins>give you</ins> the land of the <del>Amorite.</del> <ins>Amorites.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 2:11]</b> <del>And</del> I <ins>also</ins> raised up <del>of</del> <ins>prophets from among</ins> your sons <del>for prophets,</del> and <del>of</del> <ins>Nazirites from among</ins> your young <del>men for Nazarites.</del> <ins>men.</ins> Is <del>it</del> <ins>this</ins> not <del>even thus, O ye children</del> <ins>true, people</ins> of <del>Israel? saith</del> <ins>Israel?" declares</ins> the LORD.</p><p><b>[Amos 2:12]</b> <del>But ye gave</del> <ins>"But you made</ins> the <del>Nazarites</del> <ins>Nazirites drink</ins> wine <del>to drink;</del> and commanded the <del>prophets, saying, Prophesy not.</del> <ins>prophets not to prophesy.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 2:13]</b> <del>Behold,</del> <ins>"Now then,</ins> I <del>am pressed under you,</del> <ins>will crush you</ins> as a cart <del>is pressed that is full of sheaves.</del> <ins>crushes when loaded with grain.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 2:14]</b> <del>Therefore the flight shall perish from the swift, and</del> <ins>The swift will not escape,</ins> the strong <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> not <del>strengthen his force, neither shall</del> <ins>muster their strength, and</ins> the <del>mighty deliver himself:</del> <ins>warrior will not save his life.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 2:15]</b> <del>Neither shall he stand that handleth the bow; and he that is swift of foot shall</del> <ins>The archer will</ins> not <del>deliver himself: neither shall he that rideth</del> <ins>stand his ground,</ins> the <del>horse deliver himself.</del> <ins>fleet-footed soldier will not get away, and the horseman will not save his life.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 2:16]</b> <del>And he that is courageous among</del> <ins>Even</ins> the <del>mighty shall</del> <ins>bravest warriors will</ins> flee <del>away</del> naked <del>in</del> <ins>on</ins> that <del>day, saith</del> <ins>day," declares</ins> the LORD.</p><p><b>[Amos 3:1]</b> Hear this word <del>that</del> the LORD <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> spoken against you, O <del>children</del> <ins>people</ins> of <del>Israel, against</del> <ins>Israel-against</ins> the whole family <del>which</del> I brought up <del>from the land</del> <ins>out</ins> of <del>Egypt, saying,</del> <ins>Egypt:</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 3:2]</b> <del>You</del> <ins>"You</ins> only have I <del>known</del> <ins>chosen</ins> of all the families of the <del>earth:</del> <ins>earth;</ins> therefore I will punish you for all your <del>iniquities.</del> <ins>sins."</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 3:3]</b> <del>Can</del> <ins>Do</ins> two walk <del>together, except</del> <ins>together unless</ins> they <del>be agreed?</del> <ins>have agreed to do so?</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 3:4]</b> <del>Will</del> <ins>Does</ins> a lion roar in the <del>forest,</del> <ins>thicket</ins> when he <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> no prey? <del>will a young lion cry out of his den, if</del> <ins>Does</ins> he <del>have taken</del> <ins>growl in his den when he has caught</ins> nothing?</p><p><b>[Amos 3:5]</b> <del>Can</del> <ins>Does</ins> a bird fall <del>in</del> <ins>into</ins> a <del>snare upon</del> <ins>trap on</ins> the <del>earth,</del> <ins>ground</ins> where no <del>gin is for him? shall one take up a</del> snare <ins>has been set? Does a trap spring up</ins> from the <del>earth, and have taken</del> <ins>earth when there is</ins> nothing <del>at all?</del> <ins>to catch?</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 3:6]</b> <del>Shall</del> <ins>When</ins> a trumpet <del>be blown in the city, and the people not be afraid? shall there be evil</del> <ins>sounds</ins> in a city, <del>and</del> <ins>do not the people tremble? When disaster comes to a city, has not</ins> the LORD <del>hath not done</del> <ins>caused</ins> it?</p><p><b>[Amos 3:7]</b> Surely the <del>Lord GOD will do nothing, but he revealeth</del> <ins>Sovereign LORD does nothing without revealing</ins> his <del>secret unto</del> <ins>plan to</ins> his servants the prophets.</p><p><b>[Amos 3:8]</b> The lion <del>hath roared,</del> <ins>has roared-</ins> who will not fear? <del>the Lord GOD hath spoken,</del> <ins>The Sovereign LORD has spoken-</ins> who can but prophesy?</p><p><b>[Amos 3:9]</b> <del>Publish in</del> <ins>Proclaim to</ins> the <del>palaces at Ashdod, and in the palaces in the land</del> <ins>fortresses</ins> of <del>Egypt,</del> <ins>Ashdod</ins> and <del>say, Assemble</del> <ins>to the fortresses of Egypt: "Assemble</ins> yourselves <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> the mountains of <del>Samaria, and behold</del> <ins>Samaria; see</ins> the great <del>tumults in the midst thereof,</del> <ins>unrest within her</ins> and the <del>oppressed in the midst thereof.</del> <ins>oppression among her people."</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 3:10]</b> <del>For they know</del> <ins>"They do</ins> not <ins>know how</ins> to do <del>right, saith</del> <ins>right," declares</ins> the LORD, <del>who store up violence</del> <ins>"who hoard plunder</ins> and <del>robbery</del> <ins>loot</ins> in their <del>palaces.</del> <ins>fortresses."</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 3:11]</b> Therefore <del>thus saith</del> <ins>this is what</ins> the <del>Lord GOD; An adversary there shall be even round about</del> <ins>Sovereign LORD says: "An enemy will overrun</ins> the land; <del>and</del> he <del>shall bring</del> <ins>will pull</ins> down <del>thy strength from thee,</del> <ins>your strongholds</ins> and <del>thy palaces shall be spoiled.</del> <ins>plunder your fortresses."</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 3:12]</b> <del>Thus saith</del> <ins>This is what</ins> the <del>LORD; As the</del> <ins>LORD says: "As a</ins> shepherd <del>taketh out of</del> <ins>saves from</ins> the <ins>lion's</ins> mouth <del>of the lion</del> <ins>only</ins> two <del>legs,</del> <ins>leg bones</ins> or a piece of an <del>ear;</del> <ins>ear,</ins> so <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> the <del>children of Israel</del> <ins>Israelites</ins> be <del>taken out that dwell</del> <ins>saved, those who sit</ins> in Samaria <del>in</del> <ins>on</ins> the <del>corner</del> <ins>edge</ins> of <del>a bed,</del> <ins>their beds</ins> and in Damascus <del>in a couch.</del> <ins>on their couches. "</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 3:13]</b> <del>Hear ye,</del> <ins>"Hear this</ins> and testify <del>in</del> <ins>against</ins> the house of <del>Jacob, saith</del> <ins>Jacob," declares</ins> the <del>Lord GOD,</del> <ins>Lord,</ins> the <ins>LORD</ins> God <del>of hosts,</del> <ins>Almighty.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 3:14]</b> <del>That in</del> <ins>"On</ins> the day <del>that</del> I <del>shall visit the transgressions of</del> <ins>punish</ins> Israel <del>upon him</del> <ins>for her sins,</ins> I will <del>also visit</del> <ins>destroy</ins> the altars of <del>Bethel: and</del> <ins>Bethel;</ins> the horns of the altar <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be cut <del>off,</del> <ins>off</ins> and fall to the ground.</p><p><b>[Amos 3:15]</b> <del>And</del> I will <del>smite</del> <ins>tear down</ins> the winter house <ins>along</ins> with the summer house; <del>and</del> the houses <del>of</del> <ins>adorned with</ins> ivory <del>shall perish,</del> <ins>will be destroyed</ins> and the <del>great houses shall have an end, saith</del> <ins>mansions will be demolished," declares</ins> the LORD.</p><p><b>[Amos 4:1]</b> Hear this word, <del>ye kine</del> <ins>you cows</ins> of <del>Bashan, that are in the mountain of</del> <ins>Bashan on Mount</ins> Samaria, <del>which</del> <ins>you women who</ins> oppress the <del>poor, which</del> <ins>poor and</ins> crush the <del>needy, which</del> <ins>needy and</ins> say to <del>their masters, Bring, and let</del> <ins>your husbands, "Bring</ins> us <del>drink.</del> <ins>some drinks!"</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 4:2]</b> The <del>Lord GOD hath</del> <ins>Sovereign LORD has</ins> sworn by his <del>holiness, that, lo, the days shall come upon you, that he</del> <ins>holiness: "The time</ins> will <del>take</del> <ins>surely come when</ins> you <ins>will be taken</ins> away with hooks, <del>and your posterity</del> <ins>the last of you</ins> with fishhooks.</p><p><b>[Amos 4:3]</b> <del>And ye shall</del> <ins>You will each</ins> go <ins>straight</ins> out <del>at</del> <ins>through breaks in</ins> the <del>breaches, every cow at that which is before her;</del> <ins>wall,</ins> and <del>ye shall</del> <ins>you will be</ins> cast <del>them into the palace, saith</del> <ins>out toward Harmon, "declares</ins> the LORD.</p><p><b>[Amos 4:4]</b> <del>Come</del> <ins>"Go</ins> to <del>Bethel,</del> <ins>Bethel</ins> and <del>transgress; at</del> <ins>sin; go to</ins> Gilgal <del>multiply transgression;</del> and <del>bring</del> <ins>sin yet more. Bring</ins> your sacrifices every morning, <del>and</del> your tithes <del>after</del> <ins>every</ins> three <del>years:</del> <ins>years.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 4:5]</b> <del>And offer</del> <ins>Burn leavened bread as</ins> a <del>sacrifice of thanksgiving with leaven,</del> <ins>thank offering</ins> and <del>proclaim and publish the free offerings:</del> <ins>brag about your freewill offerings- boast about them, you Israelites,</ins> for this <del>liketh you, O ye children of Israel, saith</del> <ins>is what you love to do," declares</ins> the <del>Lord GOD.</del> <ins>Sovereign LORD.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 4:6]</b> <del>And I also have given</del> <ins>"I gave</ins> you <del>cleanness of teeth</del> <ins>empty stomachs</ins> in <del>all your cities,</del> <ins>every city</ins> and <del>want</del> <ins>lack</ins> of bread in <del>all your places:</del> <ins>every town,</ins> yet <ins>you</ins> have <del>ye</del> not returned <del>unto me, saith</del> <ins>to me," declares</ins> the LORD.</p><p><b>[Amos 4:7]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>"I</ins> also <del>I have withholden the</del> <ins>withheld</ins> rain from <del>you,</del> <ins>you</ins> when <del>there were yet</del> <ins>the harvest was still</ins> three months <del>to the harvest: and</del> <ins>away.</ins> I <del>caused it to</del> <ins>sent</ins> rain <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> one <del>city, and caused</del> <ins>town, but withheld</ins> it <del>not to rain upon</del> <ins>from another. One field had rain;</ins> another <del>city: one piece was rained upon,</del> <ins>had none</ins> and <del>the piece whereupon it rained not withered.</del> <ins>dried up.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 4:8]</b> <del>So two or three cities wandered unto one city,</del> <ins>People staggered from town</ins> to <del>drink water;</del> <ins>town for water</ins> but <del>they were</del> <ins>did</ins> not <del>satisfied:</del> <ins>get enough to drink,</ins> yet <ins>you</ins> have <del>ye</del> not returned <del>unto me, saith</del> <ins>to me," declares</ins> the LORD.</p><p><b>[Amos 4:9]</b> <ins>"Many times</ins> I <del>have smitten you with blasting and mildew: when</del> <ins>struck</ins> your gardens and <del>your vineyards</del> <ins>vineyards, I struck them with blight</ins> and <ins>mildew. Locusts devoured</ins> your fig <del>trees</del> and <del>your</del> olive <del>trees increased, the palmerworm devoured them:</del> <ins>trees,</ins> yet <ins>you</ins> have <del>ye</del> not returned <del>unto me, saith</del> <ins>to me," declares</ins> the LORD.</p><p><b>[Amos 4:10]</b> <del>I have</del> <ins>"I</ins> sent <ins>plagues</ins> among you <del>the pestilence after the manner of Egypt:</del> <ins>as I did to Egypt. I killed</ins> your young men <del>have I slain</del> with the sword, <del>and have taken away</del> <ins>along with</ins> your <del>horses; and</del> <ins>captured horses.</ins> I <del>have made</del> <ins>filled your nostrils with</ins> the <del>stink</del> <ins>stench</ins> of your <del>camps to come up unto your nostrils:</del> <ins>camps,</ins> yet <ins>you</ins> have <del>ye</del> not returned <del>unto me, saith</del> <ins>to me," declares</ins> the LORD.</p><p><b>[Amos 4:11]</b> <del>I have overthrown</del> <ins>"I overthrew</ins> some of <del>you,</del> <ins>you</ins> as <del>God</del> <ins>I</ins> overthrew Sodom and <del>Gomorrah, and ye</del> <ins>Gomorrah. You</ins> were <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> a <del>firebrand plucked out of</del> <ins>burning stick snatched from</ins> the <del>burning:</del> <ins>fire,</ins> yet <ins>you</ins> have <del>ye</del> not returned <del>unto me, saith</del> <ins>to me," declares</ins> the LORD.</p><p><b>[Amos 4:12]</b> <del>Therefore thus will</del> <ins>"Therefore this is what</ins> I <ins>will</ins> do <del>unto thee, O Israel:</del> <ins>to you, Israel,</ins> and because I will do this <del>unto thee,</del> <ins>to you,</ins> prepare to meet <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> God, O <del>Israel.</del> <ins>Israel."</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 4:13]</b> <del>For, lo, he that formeth</del> <ins>He who forms</ins> the mountains, <del>and createth</del> <ins>creates</ins> the wind, and <del>declareth unto man what is</del> <ins>reveals</ins> his <del>thought, that maketh the morning</del> <ins>thoughts to man, he who turns dawn to</ins> darkness, and <del>treadeth upon</del> <ins>treads</ins> the high places of the <del>earth, The LORD, The</del> <ins>earth- the LORD</ins> God <del>of hosts,</del> <ins>Almighty</ins> is his name.</p><p><b>[Amos 5:1]</b> Hear <del>ye</del> this <del>word which I take up against you, even a lamentation,</del> <ins>word,</ins> O house of <del>Israel.</del> <ins>Israel, this lament I take up concerning you:</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 5:2]</b> <del>The virgin of Israel</del> <ins>"Fallen</ins> is <del>fallen; she shall no more rise: she is forsaken upon her land; there is none</del> <ins>Virgin Israel, never</ins> to <del>raise</del> <ins>rise again, deserted in</ins> her <del>up.</del> <ins>own land, with no one to lift her up."</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 5:3]</b> <del>For thus saith</del> <ins>This is what</ins> the <del>Lord GOD; The</del> <ins>Sovereign LORD says: "The</ins> city that <del>went</del> <ins>marches</ins> out <del>by</del> a thousand <del>shall leave an hundred, and that which went forth by an</del> <ins>strong for Israel will have only a</ins> hundred <del>shall leave ten, to</del> <ins>left;</ins> the <del>house of Israel.</del> <ins>town that marches out a hundred strong will have only ten left."</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 5:4]</b> <del>For thus saith</del> <ins>This is what</ins> the LORD <del>unto</del> <ins>says to</ins> the house of <del>Israel, Seek ye me,</del> <ins>Israel: "Seek me</ins> and <del>ye shall live:</del> <ins>live;</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 5:5]</b> <del>But seek</del> <ins>do</ins> not <ins>seek</ins> Bethel, <del>nor enter into Gilgal, and pass</del> <ins>do</ins> not <ins>go</ins> to <del>Beersheba: for</del> <ins>Gilgal, do not journey to Beersheba. For</ins> Gilgal <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> surely go into <del>captivity,</del> <ins>exile,</ins> and Bethel <del>shall come</del> <ins>will be reduced</ins> to <del>nought.</del> <ins>nothing. "</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 5:6]</b> Seek the <del>LORD,</del> <ins>LORD</ins> and <del>ye shall live; lest</del> <ins>live, or</ins> he <del>break out like fire in</del> <ins>will sweep through</ins> the house of <del>Joseph,</del> <ins>Joseph like a fire; it will devour,</ins> and <del>devour it, and there be none</del> <ins>Bethel will have no one</ins> to quench <del>it in Bethel.</del> <ins>it.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 5:7]</b> <del>Ye</del> <ins>You</ins> who turn <del>judgment to wormwood,</del> <ins>justice into bitterness</ins> and <del>leave off</del> <ins>cast</ins> righteousness <del>in</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>earth,</del> <ins>ground</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 5:8]</b> <del>Seek him that maketh</del> <ins>(he who made</ins> the <del>seven stars</del> <ins>Pleiades</ins> and Orion, <del>and turneth the shadow of death</del> <ins>who turns blackness</ins> into <del>the morning,</del> <ins>dawn</ins> and <del>maketh the</del> <ins>darkens</ins> day <del>dark with night: that calleth</del> <ins>into night, who calls</ins> for the waters of the <del>sea,</del> <ins>sea</ins> and <del>poureth</del> <ins>pours</ins> them out <del>upon</del> <ins>over</ins> the face of the <del>earth: The</del> <ins>land- the</ins> LORD is his <del>name:</del> <ins>name-</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 5:9]</b> <del>That strengtheneth</del> <ins>he flashes destruction on</ins> the <del>spoiled against</del> <ins>stronghold and brings</ins> the <del>strong, so that the spoiled shall come against the fortress.</del> <ins>fortified city to ruin),</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 5:10]</b> <del>They</del> <ins>you</ins> hate <del>him that rebuketh in</del> the <del>gate,</del> <ins>one who reproves in court</ins> and <del>they abhor</del> <ins>despise</ins> him <del>that speaketh uprightly.</del> <ins>who tells the truth.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 5:11]</b> <del>Forasmuch therefore as your treading is upon</del> <ins>You trample on</ins> the <del>poor,</del> <ins>poor</ins> and <del>ye take from</del> <ins>force</ins> him <del>burdens of wheat: ye</del> <ins>to give you grain. Therefore, though you</ins> have built <del>houses of hewn stone, but ye shall</del> <ins>stone mansions, you will</ins> not <del>dwell</del> <ins>live</ins> in them; <del>ye</del> <ins>though you</ins> have planted <del>pleasant</del> <ins>lush</ins> vineyards, <del>but ye shall</del> <ins>you will</ins> not drink <del>wine of them.</del> <ins>their wine.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 5:12]</b> For I know <ins>how many are</ins> your <del>manifold transgressions</del> <ins>offenses</ins> and <ins>how great</ins> your <del>mighty sins: they afflict</del> <ins>sins. You oppress</ins> the <del>just, they take a bribe,</del> <ins>righteous</ins> and <del>they turn aside</del> <ins>take bribes and you deprive</ins> the poor <ins>of justice</ins> in the <del>gate from their right.</del> <ins>courts.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 5:13]</b> Therefore the prudent <del>shall keep silence</del> <ins>man keeps quiet</ins> in <del>that time;</del> <ins>such times,</ins> for <del>it is an evil time.</del> <ins>the times are evil.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 5:14]</b> Seek good, <del>and</del> not evil, that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> may <del>live: and so</del> <ins>live. Then</ins> the <del>LORD, the</del> <ins>LORD</ins> God <del>of hosts, shall</del> <ins>Almighty will</ins> be with you, <ins>just</ins> as <del>ye have spoken.</del> <ins>you say he is.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 5:15]</b> Hate <del>the</del> evil, <del>and</del> love <del>the good, and establish judgment</del> <ins>good; maintain justice</ins> in the <del>gate: it may be that</del> <ins>courts. Perhaps</ins> the LORD God <del>of hosts</del> <ins>Almighty</ins> will <del>be gracious unto</del> <ins>have mercy on</ins> the remnant of Joseph.</p><p><b>[Amos 5:16]</b> Therefore <ins>this is what</ins> the <del>LORD,</del> <ins>Lord,</ins> the <ins>LORD</ins> God <del>of hosts, the LORD, saith thus; Wailing shall</del> <ins>Almighty, says: "There will</ins> be <del>in all streets; and they shall say</del> <ins>wailing</ins> in all the <del>highways, Alas! alas!</del> <ins>streets</ins> and <del>they shall call the husbandman to mourning, and such as are skilful</del> <ins>cries</ins> of <del>lamentation</del> <ins>anguish in every public square. The farmers will be summoned</ins> to <del>wailing.</del> <ins>weep and the mourners to wail.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 5:17]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>There will be wailing</ins> in all <del>vineyards shall be wailing:</del> <ins>the vineyards,</ins> for I will pass through <del>thee, saith</del> <ins>your midst," says</ins> the LORD.</p><p><b>[Amos 5:18]</b> Woe <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> you <del>that desire</del> <ins>who long for</ins> the day of the LORD! <del>to what end is it</del> <ins>Why do you long</ins> for <del>you?</del> the day of the <del>LORD is</del> <ins>LORD? That day will be</ins> darkness, <del>and</del> not light.</p><p><b>[Amos 5:19]</b> <del>As if</del> <ins>It will be as though</ins> a man <del>did flee</del> <ins>fled</ins> from a <del>lion, and</del> <ins>lion only to meet</ins> a <del>bear met him; or went into the house,</del> <ins>bear, as though he entered his house</ins> and <del>leaned</del> <ins>rested</ins> his hand on the <del>wall, and</del> <ins>wall only to have</ins> a <del>serpent bit</del> <ins>snake bite</ins> him.</p><p><b>[Amos 5:20]</b> <del>Shall</del> <ins>Will</ins> not the day of the LORD be darkness, <del>and</del> not <del>light? even very dark, and no brightness in it?</del> <ins>light- pitch-dark, without a ray of brightness?</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 5:21]</b> <del>I</del> <ins>"I</ins> hate, I despise your <del>feast days, and</del> <ins>religious feasts;</ins> I <del>will not smell in</del> <ins>cannot stand</ins> your <del>solemn</del> assemblies.</p><p><b>[Amos 5:22]</b> <del>Though ye offer</del> <ins>Even though you bring</ins> me burnt offerings and <del>your meat</del> <ins>grain</ins> offerings, I will not accept <del>them: neither will</del> <ins>them. Though you bring choice fellowship offerings,</ins> I <ins>will have no</ins> regard <del>the peace offerings of your fat beasts.</del> <ins>for them.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 5:23]</b> <del>Take thou away from me</del> <ins>Away with</ins> the noise of <del>thy songs; for</del> <ins>your songs!</ins> I will not <del>hear</del> <ins>listen to</ins> the <del>melody</del> <ins>music</ins> of <del>thy viols.</del> <ins>your harps.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 5:24]</b> But let <del>judgment run down as waters, and righteousness as</del> <ins>justice roll on like</ins> a <del>mighty stream.</del> <ins>river, righteousness like a never-failing stream!</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 5:25]</b> <del>Have ye offered unto</del> <ins>"Did you bring</ins> me sacrifices and offerings <ins>forty years</ins> in the <del>wilderness forty years,</del> <ins>desert,</ins> O house of Israel?</p><p><b>[Amos 5:26]</b> <del>But ye</del> <ins>You</ins> have <del>borne</del> <ins>lifted up</ins> the <del>tabernacle</del> <ins>shrine</ins> of your <del>Moloch and Chiun</del> <ins>king, the pedestal of</ins> your <del>images,</del> <ins>idols,</ins> the star of your <del>god,</del> <ins>god -</ins> which <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> made <del>to</del> <ins>for</ins> yourselves.</p><p><b>[Amos 5:27]</b> Therefore <del>will</del> I <del>cause</del> <ins>will send</ins> you <del>to go</del> into <del>captivity</del> <ins>exile</ins> beyond <del>Damascus, saith</del> <ins>Damascus," says</ins> the LORD, whose name is <del>The</del> God <del>of hosts.</del> <ins>Almighty.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 6:1]</b> Woe to <del>them that</del> <ins>you who</ins> are <del>at ease</del> <ins>complacent</ins> in Zion, and <del>trust in the mountain of</del> <ins>to you who feel secure on Mount</ins> Samaria, <del>which are named chief</del> <ins>you notable men</ins> of the <del>nations,</del> <ins>foremost nation,</ins> to whom the <del>house</del> <ins>people</ins> of Israel <del>came!</del> <ins>come!</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 6:2]</b> <del>Pass ye unto Calneh, and see; and from thence go ye</del> <ins>Go</ins> to <del>Hamath the great:</del> <ins>Calneh and look at it; go from there to great Hamath, and</ins> then go down to Gath <del>of the Philistines: be</del> <ins>in Philistia. Are</ins> they better <del>than these kingdoms? or their border greater</del> <ins>off</ins> than your <del>border?</del> <ins>two kingdoms? Is their land larger than yours?</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 6:3]</b> <del>Ye that</del> <ins>You</ins> put <del>far away</del> <ins>off</ins> the evil <del>day,</del> <ins>day</ins> and <del>cause the seat</del> <ins>bring near a reign</ins> of <del>violence to come near;</del> <ins>terror.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 6:4]</b> <del>That</del> <ins>You</ins> lie <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> beds <del>of ivory,</del> <ins>inlaid with ivory</ins> and <del>stretch themselves upon their couches, and eat the</del> <ins>lounge on your couches. You dine on choice</ins> lambs <del>out of the flock,</del> and <del>the calves out of the midst of the stall;</del> <ins>fattened calves.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 6:5]</b> <del>That chant to the sound of the viol, and invent to themselves instruments of musick,</del> <ins>You strum away on your harps</ins> like <del>David;</del> <ins>David and improvise on musical instruments.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 6:6]</b> <del>That</del> <ins>You</ins> drink wine <del>in bowls, and anoint themselves with</del> <ins>by</ins> the <del>chief ointments: but they are not grieved for</del> <ins>bowlful and use</ins> the <del>affliction</del> <ins>finest lotions, but you do not grieve over the ruin</ins> of Joseph.</p><p><b>[Amos 6:7]</b> Therefore <del>now shall they go captive with</del> <ins>you will be among</ins> the first <del>that</del> <ins>to</ins> go <del>captive,</del> <ins>into exile; your feasting</ins> and <del>the banquet of them that stretched themselves shall be removed.</del> <ins>lounging will end.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 6:8]</b> The <del>Lord GOD hath</del> <ins>Sovereign LORD has</ins> sworn by <del>himself, saith the</del> <ins>himself-the</ins> LORD <del>the</del> God <del>of hosts, I</del> <ins>Almighty declares: "I</ins> abhor the <del>excellency</del> <ins>pride</ins> of <del>Jacob,</del> <ins>Jacob</ins> and <del>hate</del> <ins>detest</ins> his <del>palaces: therefore will</del> <ins>fortresses;</ins> I <ins>will</ins> deliver up the city <del>with all that is therein.</del> <ins>and everything in it."</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 6:9]</b> <del>And it shall come to pass, if there remain</del> <ins>If</ins> ten men <ins>are left</ins> in one house, <del>that</del> they <del>shall</del> <ins>too will</ins> die.</p><p><b>[Amos 6:10]</b> And <ins>if</ins> a <del>man's uncle shall take him up, and he that burneth him,</del> <ins>relative who is</ins> to <del>bring out</del> <ins>burn</ins> the <del>bones</del> <ins>bodies comes to carry them</ins> out of the <del>house,</del> <ins>house</ins> and <del>shall say unto him that is by the sides of the house, Is there yet any</del> <ins>asks anyone still hiding there, "Is anyone</ins> with <del>thee?</del> <ins>you?"</ins> and he <del>shall say, No. Then shall</del> <ins>says, "No," then</ins> he <ins>will</ins> say, <del>Hold thy tongue: for we may</del> <ins>"Hush! We must</ins> not <del>make</del> mention <del>of</del> the name of the <del>LORD.</del> <ins>LORD."</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 6:11]</b> <del>For, behold,</del> <ins>For</ins> the LORD <del>commandeth,</del> <ins>has given the command,</ins> and he will <del>smite</del> <ins>smash</ins> the great house <del>with breaches,</del> <ins>into pieces</ins> and the <del>little</del> <ins>small</ins> house <del>with clefts.</del> <ins>into bits.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 6:12]</b> <del>Shall</del> <ins>Do</ins> horses run <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> the <del>rock? will</del> <ins>rocky crags? Does</ins> one plow there with oxen? <del>for ye</del> <ins>But you</ins> have turned <del>judgment</del> <ins>justice</ins> into <del>gall,</del> <ins>poison</ins> and the fruit of righteousness into <del>hemlock:</del> <ins>bitterness-</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 6:13]</b> <del>Ye which</del> <ins>you who</ins> rejoice in <del>a thing</del> <ins>the conquest</ins> of <del>nought, which</del> <ins>Lo Debar and</ins> say, <del>Have</del> <ins>"Did</ins> we not <del>taken to us horns</del> <ins>take Karnaim</ins> by our own <del>strength?</del> <ins>strength?"</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 6:14]</b> <del>But, behold, I</del> <ins>For the LORD God Almighty declares, "I</ins> will <del>raise</del> <ins>stir</ins> up <del>against you</del> a <del>nation,</del> <ins>nation against you,</ins> O house of Israel, <del>saith the LORD the God of hosts; and they shall afflict</del> <ins>that will oppress</ins> you <del>from</del> <ins>all</ins> the <del>entering in of Hemath unto</del> <ins>way from Lebo Hamath to</ins> the <del>river</del> <ins>valley</ins> of the <del>wilderness.</del> <ins>Arabah."</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 7:1]</b> <del>Thus hath</del> <ins>This is what</ins> the <del>Lord GOD shewed unto me; and, behold, he formed grasshoppers in the beginning of the shooting up of the latter growth; and, lo, it</del> <ins>Sovereign LORD showed me: He</ins> was <del>the latter growth</del> <ins>preparing swarms of locusts</ins> after the king's <del>mowings.</del> <ins>share had been harvested and just as the second crop was coming up.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 7:2]</b> <del>And it came to pass, that when</del> <ins>When</ins> they had <del>made an end of eating</del> <ins>stripped</ins> the <del>grass of the land, then</del> <ins>land clean,</ins> I <del>said, O Lord GOD, forgive, I beseech thee: by whom shall</del> <ins>cried out, "Sovereign LORD, forgive! How can</ins> Jacob <del>arise? for he</del> <ins>survive? He</ins> is <del>small.</del> <ins>so small!"</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 7:3]</b> <del>The LORD repented for this: It shall not be, saith</del> <ins>So</ins> the <del>LORD.</del> <ins>LORD relented. "This will not happen," the LORD said.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 7:4]</b> <del>Thus hath</del> <ins>This is what</ins> the <del>Lord GOD shewed unto</del> <ins>Sovereign LORD showed</ins> me: <del>and, behold, the Lord GOD called to contend</del> <ins>The Sovereign LORD was calling for judgment</ins> by <del>fire, and</del> <ins>fire;</ins> it <del>devoured</del> <ins>dried up</ins> the great <del>deep,</del> <ins>deep</ins> and <del>did eat up a part.</del> <ins>devoured the land.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 7:5]</b> Then <del>said I, O Lord GOD, cease,</del> I <del>beseech thee: by whom shall</del> <ins>cried out, "Sovereign LORD, I beg you, stop! How can</ins> Jacob <del>arise? for he</del> <ins>survive? He</ins> is <del>small.</del> <ins>so small!"</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 7:6]</b> <del>The LORD repented for this: This also shall not be, saith</del> <ins>So</ins> the <del>Lord GOD.</del> <ins>LORD relented. "This will not happen either," the Sovereign LORD said.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 7:7]</b> <del>Thus</del> <ins>This is what</ins> he <del>shewed</del> <ins>showed</ins> me: <del>and, behold, the LORD stood upon a wall made</del> <ins>The Lord was standing</ins> by a <del>plumbline,</del> <ins>wall that had been built true to plumb,</ins> with a <del>plumbline</del> <ins>plumb line</ins> in his hand.</p><p><b>[Amos 7:8]</b> And the LORD <del>said unto</del> <ins>asked</ins> me, <del>Amos, what seest thou? And</del> <ins>"What do you see, Amos?A plumb line,"</ins> I <del>said, A plumbline.</del> <ins>replied.</ins> Then <del>said</del> the <del>LORD, Behold,</del> <ins>Lord said, "Look,</ins> I <del>will set</del> <ins>am setting</ins> a <del>plumbline in the midst of</del> <ins>plumb line among</ins> my people <del>Israel:</del> <ins>Israel;</ins> I will <del>not again pass by</del> <ins>spare</ins> them <del>any more:</del> <ins>no longer.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 7:9]</b> <del>And the</del> <ins>"The</ins> high places of Isaac <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be <del>desolate,</del> <ins>destroyed</ins> and the sanctuaries of Israel <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be <del>laid waste; and</del> <ins>ruined; with my sword</ins> I will rise against the house of <del>Jeroboam with the sword.</del> <ins>Jeroboam."</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 7:10]</b> Then Amaziah the priest of Bethel sent <ins>a message</ins> to Jeroboam king of <del>Israel, saying, Amos hath conspired</del> <ins>Israel: "Amos is raising a conspiracy</ins> against <del>thee</del> <ins>you</ins> in the <del>midst</del> <ins>very heart</ins> of <del>the house of Israel: the</del> <ins>Israel. The</ins> land <del>is not able to</del> <ins>cannot</ins> bear all his words.</p><p><b>[Amos 7:11]</b> For <del>thus</del> <ins>this is what</ins> Amos <del>saith, Jeroboam shall</del> <ins>is saying: "'Jeroboam will</ins> die by the sword, and Israel <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> surely <del>be led</del> <ins>go into exile,</ins> away <del>captive out of</del> <ins>from</ins> their <del>own land.</del> <ins>native land.'"</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 7:12]</b> <del>Also</del> <ins>Then</ins> Amaziah said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> Amos, <del>O thou seer, go, flee thee away into</del> <ins>"Get out, you seer! Go back to</ins> the land of <del>Judah, and</del> <ins>Judah. Earn your bread</ins> there <del>eat bread,</del> and <del>prophesy there:</del> <ins>do your prophesying there.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 7:13]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>Don't</ins> prophesy <del>not again any more</del> <ins>anymore</ins> at <del>Bethel: for it</del> <ins>Bethel, because this</ins> is the king's <del>chapel,</del> <ins>sanctuary</ins> and <del>it is</del> the <del>king's court.</del> <ins>temple of the kingdom."</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 7:14]</b> <del>Then</del> <ins>Amos</ins> answered <del>Amos, and said to</del> Amaziah, <del>I</del> <ins>"I</ins> was <del>no prophet,</del> neither <del>was I</del> <ins>a prophet nor</ins> a prophet's <del>son;</del> <ins>son,</ins> but I was <del>an herdman, and</del> a <del>gatherer</del> <ins>shepherd, and I also took care</ins> of <del>sycomore fruit:</del> <ins>sycamore-fig trees.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 7:15]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>But</ins> the LORD took me <del>as I followed</del> <ins>from tending</ins> the <del>flock,</del> <ins>flock</ins> and <del>the LORD</del> said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me, <del>Go,</del> <ins>'Go,</ins> prophesy <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> my people <del>Israel.</del> <ins>Israel.'</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 7:16]</b> Now <del>therefore</del> <ins>then,</ins> hear <del>thou</del> the word of the <del>LORD: Thou sayest, Prophesy</del> <ins>LORD. You say, "'Do</ins> not <ins>prophesy</ins> against Israel, and <del>drop not thy word</del> <ins>stop preaching</ins> against the house of <del>Isaac.</del> <ins>Isaac.'</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 7:17]</b> <del>Therefore thus saith</del> <ins>"Therefore this is what</ins> the <del>LORD; Thy</del> <ins>LORD says: "'Your</ins> wife <del>shall be an harlot</del> <ins>will become a prostitute</ins> in the city, and <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> sons and <del>thy</del> daughters <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> fall by the <del>sword, and thy</del> <ins>sword. Your</ins> land <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be <del>divided by line;</del> <ins>measured</ins> and <del>thou shalt</del> <ins>divided up, and you yourself will</ins> die in a <del>polluted land: and</del> <ins>pagan country. And</ins> Israel <del>shall surely</del> <ins>will certainly</ins> go into <del>captivity forth of his land.</del> <ins>exile, away from their native land.'"</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 8:1]</b> <del>Thus hath</del> <ins>This is what</ins> the <del>Lord GOD shewed unto</del> <ins>Sovereign LORD showed</ins> me: <del>and behold</del> a basket of <del>summer</del> <ins>ripe</ins> fruit.</p><p><b>[Amos 8:2]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>"What do you see, Amos?"</ins> he <del>said, Amos, what seest thou? And I said, A</del> <ins>asked. "A</ins> basket of <del>summer fruit.</del> <ins>ripe fruit," I answered.</ins> Then <del>said</del> the LORD <del>unto</del> <ins>said to</ins> me, <del>The end</del> <ins>"The time</ins> is <del>come upon</del> <ins>ripe for</ins> my people <del>of</del> Israel; I will <del>not again pass by</del> <ins>spare</ins> them <del>any more.</del> <ins>no longer.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 8:3]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>"In that day," declares</ins> the <ins>Sovereign LORD, "the</ins> songs <del>of</del> <ins>in</ins> the temple <del>shall be howlings in that day, saith the Lord GOD: there shall be</del> <ins>will turn to wailing. Many,</ins> many <del>dead bodies in every place; they shall cast them forth with silence.</del> <ins>bodies-flung everywhere! Silence!"</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 8:4]</b> Hear this, <del>O ye that swallow up</del> <ins>you who trample</ins> the <del>needy, even to make</del> <ins>needy and do away with</ins> the poor of the <del>land to fail,</del> <ins>land,</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 8:5]</b> <del>Saying, When</del> <ins>saying, "When</ins> will the <del>new moon</del> <ins>New Moon</ins> be <del>gone,</del> <ins>over</ins> that we may sell <del>corn?</del> <ins>grain,</ins> and the <del>sabbath,</del> <ins>Sabbath be ended</ins> that we may <del>set forth wheat, making</del> <ins>market wheat?"- skimping</ins> the <del>ephah small, and</del> <ins>measure, boosting</ins> the <del>shekel great,</del> <ins>price</ins> and <del>falsifying the balances by deceit?</del> <ins>cheating with dishonest scales,</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 8:6]</b> <del>That we may buy</del> <ins>buying</ins> the poor <del>for silver,</del> <ins>with silver</ins> and the needy for a pair of <del>shoes; yea, and sell</del> <ins>sandals, selling even</ins> the <del>refuse of</del> <ins>sweepings with</ins> the <del>wheat?</del> <ins>wheat.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 8:7]</b> The LORD <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> sworn by the <del>excellency</del> <ins>Pride</ins> of <del>Jacob, Surely I</del> <ins>Jacob: "I</ins> will never forget <del>any of their works.</del> <ins>anything they have done.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 8:8]</b> <del>Shall</del> <ins>"Will</ins> not the land tremble for this, and <del>every one mourn that dwelleth therein? and</del> <ins>all who live in</ins> it <del>shall</del> <ins>mourn? The whole land will</ins> rise <del>up wholly as a flood; and it shall be cast out and drowned, as by</del> <ins>like</ins> the <del>flood</del> <ins>Nile; it will be stirred up and then sink like the river</ins> of Egypt.</p><p><b>[Amos 8:9]</b> <del>And it shall come to pass in</del> <ins>"In</ins> that <del>day, saith</del> <ins>day," declares</ins> the <del>Lord GOD, that I</del> <ins>Sovereign LORD, "I</ins> will <del>cause</del> <ins>make</ins> the sun <del>to</del> go down at <del>noon,</del> <ins>noon</ins> and <del>I will</del> darken the earth in <del>the clear day:</del> <ins>broad daylight.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 8:10]</b> <del>And</del> I will turn your <ins>religious</ins> feasts into <del>mourning,</del> <ins>mourning</ins> and all your <del>songs</del> <ins>singing</ins> into <del>lamentation; and I will bring up sackcloth upon all loins, and baldness upon every head; and</del> <ins>weeping.</ins> I will make <del>it as the mourning</del> <ins>all</ins> of <ins>you wear sackcloth and shave your heads. I will make that time like mourning for</ins> an only <del>son,</del> <ins>son</ins> and the end <del>thereof as</del> <ins>of it like</ins> a bitter day.</p><p><b>[Amos 8:11]</b> <del>Behold, the</del> <ins>"The</ins> days <del>come, saith</del> <ins>are coming," declares</ins> the <del>Lord GOD, that</del> <ins>Sovereign LORD, "when</ins> I will send a famine <del>in</del> <ins>through</ins> the <del>land,</del> <ins>land-</ins> not a famine of <del>bread, nor</del> <ins>food or</ins> a thirst for water, but <ins>a famine</ins> of hearing the words of the <del>LORD:</del> <ins>LORD.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 8:12]</b> <del>And they shall wander</del> <ins>Men will stagger</ins> from sea to <del>sea,</del> <ins>sea</ins> and <ins>wander</ins> from <del>the</del> north <del>even</del> to <del>the</del> east, <del>they shall run to and fro to seek</del> <ins>searching for</ins> the word of the LORD, <del>and shall</del> <ins>but they will</ins> not find it.</p><p><b>[Amos 8:13]</b> <del>In</del> <ins>"In</ins> that day <del>shall the fair virgins</del> <ins>"the lovely young women</ins> and <ins>strong</ins> young men <ins>will</ins> faint <del>for</del> <ins>because of</ins> thirst.</p><p><b>[Amos 8:14]</b> They <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> swear by the <del>sin</del> <ins>shame</ins> of Samaria, <del>and</del> <ins>or</ins> say, <del>Thy god,</del> <ins>'As surely as your god lives,</ins> O <del>Dan, liveth; and, The manner</del> <ins>Dan,' or, 'As surely as the god</ins> of Beersheba <del>liveth; even</del> <ins>lives'-</ins> they <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> fall, <del>and</del> never <ins>to</ins> rise <del>up again.</del> <ins>again."</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 9:1]</b> I saw the <del>LORD</del> <ins>Lord</ins> standing <del>upon</del> <ins>by</ins> the <del>altar:</del> <ins>altar,</ins> and he <del>said, Smite</del> <ins>said: "Strike</ins> the <del>lintel</del> <ins>tops</ins> of the <del>door,</del> <ins>pillars so</ins> that the <del>posts may shake: and cut</del> <ins>thresholds shake. Bring</ins> them <del>in</del> <ins>down on</ins> the <del>head, all</del> <ins>heads</ins> of <del>them; and</del> <ins>all the people; those who are left</ins> I will <del>slay the last of them</del> <ins>kill</ins> with the <del>sword: he that fleeth of them shall not flee</del> <ins>sword. Not one will get</ins> away, <del>and he that escapeth of them shall not be delivered.</del> <ins>none will escape.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 9:2]</b> Though they dig <del>into hell, thence shall mine</del> <ins>down to the depths of the grave, from there my</ins> hand <ins>will</ins> take <del>them; though</del> <ins>them. Though</ins> they climb up to <del>heaven, thence will</del> <ins>the heavens, from there</ins> I <ins>will</ins> bring them <del>down:</del> <ins>down.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 9:3]</b> <del>And though</del> <ins>Though</ins> they hide themselves <del>in</del> <ins>on</ins> the top of Carmel, <ins>there</ins> I will <del>search and take</del> <ins>hunt</ins> them <del>out thence;</del> <ins>down</ins> and <del>though</del> <ins>seize them. Though</ins> they <del>be hid</del> <ins>hide</ins> from <del>my sight in</del> <ins>me at</ins> the bottom of the sea, <del>thence will</del> <ins>there</ins> I <ins>will</ins> command the <del>serpent, and he shall</del> <ins>serpent to</ins> bite <del>them:</del> <ins>them.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 9:4]</b> <del>And though</del> <ins>Though</ins> they <del>go</del> <ins>are driven</ins> into <del>captivity before</del> <ins>exile by</ins> their enemies, <del>thence will I command the sword, and it shall slay them: and</del> <ins>there</ins> I will <del>set mine</del> <ins>command the sword to slay them. I will fix my</ins> eyes upon them for <del>evil,</del> <ins>evil</ins> and not for <del>good.</del> <ins>good."</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 9:5]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>The Lord,</ins> the <del>Lord GOD of hosts is</del> <ins>LORD Almighty,</ins> he <del>that toucheth</del> <ins>who touches</ins> the <del>land,</del> <ins>earth</ins> and it <del>shall melt,</del> <ins>melts,</ins> and all <del>that dwell therein shall mourn: and</del> <ins>who live in</ins> it <del>shall rise up wholly like a flood; and shall be drowned, as by</del> <ins>mourn-</ins> the <del>flood</del> <ins>whole land rises like the Nile, then sinks like the river</ins> of <del>Egypt.</del> <ins>Egypt-</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 9:6]</b> <del>It is</del> he <del>that buildeth</del> <ins>who builds</ins> his <del>stories</del> <ins>lofty palace</ins> in the <del>heaven,</del> <ins>heavens</ins> and <del>hath founded his troop in</del> <ins>sets its foundation on</ins> the <del>earth; he that calleth</del> <ins>earth, who calls</ins> for the waters of the <del>sea,</del> <ins>sea</ins> and <del>poureth</del> <ins>pours</ins> them out <del>upon</del> <ins>over</ins> the face of the <del>earth: The</del> <ins>land- the</ins> LORD is his name.</p><p><b>[Amos 9:7]</b> <del>Are ye</del> <ins>"Are</ins> not <del>as children of</del> <ins>you Israelites</ins> the <del>Ethiopians unto me, O children of Israel? saith</del> <ins>same to me as the Cushites?" declares</ins> the LORD. <del>Have not</del> <ins>"Did</ins> I <del>brought up</del> <ins>not bring</ins> Israel <del>out of the land of Egypt? and</del> <ins>up from Egypt,</ins> the Philistines from <del>Caphtor,</del> <ins>Caphtor</ins> and the <del>Syrians</del> <ins>Arameans</ins> from Kir?</p><p><b>[Amos 9:8]</b> <del>Behold,</del> <ins>"Surely</ins> the eyes of the <del>Lord GOD</del> <ins>Sovereign LORD</ins> are <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> the sinful <del>kingdom, and</del> <ins>kingdom.</ins> I will destroy it from <del>off</del> the face of the <del>earth; saving that</del> <ins>earth- yet</ins> I will not <del>utterly</del> <ins>totally</ins> destroy the house of <del>Jacob, saith</del> <ins>Jacob," declares</ins> the LORD.</p><p><b>[Amos 9:9]</b> <del>For, lo,</del> <ins>"For</ins> I will <ins>give the</ins> command, and I will <del>sift</del> <ins>shake</ins> the house of Israel among all <del>nations, like</del> <ins>the nations</ins> as <del>corn</del> <ins>grain</ins> is <del>sifted</del> <ins>shaken</ins> in a sieve, <del>yet shall</del> <ins>and</ins> not <ins>a pebble will reach</ins> the <del>least grain fall upon the earth.</del> <ins>ground.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 9:10]</b> All the sinners <del>of</del> <ins>among</ins> my people <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> die by the sword, <del>which</del> <ins>all those who</ins> say, <del>The evil shall</del> <ins>'Disaster will</ins> not overtake <del>nor prevent us.</del> <ins>or meet us.'</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 9:11]</b> <del>In</del> <ins>"In</ins> that day <del>will I raise up the tabernacle of David that is fallen, and close up the breaches thereof; and</del> I will <del>raise up his ruins, and</del> <ins>restore David's fallen tent.</ins> I will <ins>repair its broken places, restore its ruins, and</ins> build it as <del>in the days of old:</del> <ins>it used to be,</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 9:12]</b> <del>That</del> <ins>so that</ins> they may possess the remnant of <del>Edom,</del> <ins>Edom</ins> and <del>of</del> all the <del>heathen, which are called by</del> <ins>nations that bear</ins> my name, <del>saith</del> <ins>"declares</ins> the <del>LORD that doeth this.</del> <ins>LORD, who will do these things.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 9:13]</b> <del>Behold, the</del> <ins>"The</ins> days <del>come, saith</del> <ins>are coming," declares</ins> the LORD, <del>that</del> <ins>"when the reaper will be overtaken by</ins> the plowman <del>shall overtake the reaper,</del> and the <del>treader of grapes him that soweth seed; and</del> <ins>planter by the one treading grapes. New wine will drip from</ins> the mountains <del>shall drop sweet wine,</del> and <ins>flow from</ins> all the <del>hills shall melt.</del> <ins>hills.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 9:14]</b> <del>And</del> I will bring <del>again the captivity of</del> <ins>back</ins> my <ins>exiled</ins> people <del>of Israel, and</del> <ins>Israel;</ins> they <del>shall build</del> <ins>will rebuild</ins> the <del>waste cities,</del> <ins>ruined cities</ins> and <del>inhabit them; and they shall</del> <ins>live in them. They will</ins> plant <del>vineyards,</del> <ins>vineyards</ins> and drink <del>the wine thereof;</del> <ins>their wine;</ins> they <del>shall also</del> <ins>will</ins> make <del>gardens,</del> <ins>gardens</ins> and eat <del>the fruit of them.</del> <ins>their fruit.</ins></p><p><b>[Amos 9:15]</b> <del>And</del> I will plant <del>them upon</del> <ins>Israel in</ins> their <ins>own</ins> land, <del>and they shall no more</del> <ins>never again to</ins> be <del>pulled up out of their</del> <ins>uprooted from the</ins> land <del>which</del> I have given <del>them, saith</del> <ins>them," says</ins> the LORD <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> God.</p>