<p><b>[Colossians 1:1]</b> Paul, an apostle of <del>Jesus</del> Christ <ins>Jesus</ins> by the will of God, and <del>Timotheus</del> <ins>Timothy</ins> our brother,</p><p><b>[Colossians 1:2]</b> To the <del>saints</del> <ins>holy</ins> and faithful <del>brethren</del> <ins>brothers</ins> in Christ <del>which are</del> at Colosse: Grace <del>be unto you,</del> and <del>peace,</del> <ins>peace to you</ins> from God our <del>Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.</del> <ins>Father.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 1:3]</b> We <del>give thanks to God and</del> <ins>always thank God,</ins> the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, <del>praying always</del> <ins>when we pray</ins> for you,</p><p><b>[Colossians 1:4]</b> <del>Since</del> <ins>because</ins> we <ins>have</ins> heard of your faith in Christ <del>Jesus,</del> <ins>Jesus</ins> and of the love <del>which ye</del> <ins>you</ins> have <del>to</del> <ins>for</ins> all the <del>saints,</del> <ins>saints--</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 1:5]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>the faith and love that spring from</ins> the hope <del>which</del> <ins>that</ins> is <del>laid</del> <ins>stored</ins> up for you in <del>heaven, whereof ye</del> <ins>heaven and that you have already</ins> heard <del>before</del> <ins>about</ins> in the word of <ins>truth,</ins> the <del>truth of the gospel;</del> <ins>gospel</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 1:6]</b> <del>Which is</del> <ins>that has</ins> come <del>unto you,</del> <ins>to you. All over the world this gospel is bearing fruit and growing, just</ins> as it <del>is in all the world; and bringeth forth fruit, as it doth also in you,</del> <ins>has been doing among you</ins> since the day <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> heard <del>of it,</del> <ins>it</ins> and <del>knew the</del> <ins>understood God's</ins> grace <del>of God</del> in <del>truth:</del> <ins>all its truth.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 1:7]</b> <del>As ye also</del> <ins>You</ins> learned <del>of Epaphras</del> <ins>it from Epaphras,</ins> our dear <del>fellowservant,</del> <ins>fellow servant,</ins> who is <del>for you</del> a faithful minister of <del>Christ;</del> <ins>Christ on our behalf,</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 1:8]</b> <del>Who</del> <ins>and who</ins> also <del>declared unto</del> <ins>told</ins> us <ins>of</ins> your love in the Spirit.</p><p><b>[Colossians 1:9]</b> For this <del>cause we also,</del> <ins>reason,</ins> since the day we heard <del>it, do not cease to pray for</del> <ins>about</ins> you, <ins>we have not stopped praying for you</ins> and <ins>asking God</ins> to <del>desire that ye might be filled</del> <ins>fill you</ins> with the knowledge of his will <del>in</del> <ins>through</ins> all <ins>spiritual</ins> wisdom and <del>spiritual understanding;</del> <ins>understanding.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 1:10]</b> <del>That ye might walk</del> <ins>And we pray this in order that you may live a life</ins> worthy of the Lord <del>unto all pleasing, being fruitful</del> <ins>and may please him in every way: bearing fruit</ins> in every good work, <del>and increasing</del> <ins>growing</ins> in the knowledge of <del>God;</del> <ins>God,</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 1:11]</b> <del>Strengthened</del> <ins>being strengthened</ins> with all <del>might,</del> <ins>power</ins> according to his glorious <del>power, unto all patience</del> <ins>might so that you may have great endurance</ins> and <del>longsuffering with joyfulness;</del> <ins>patience, and joyfully</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 1:12]</b> <del>Giving</del> <ins>giving</ins> thanks <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the Father, <del>which hath made us meet</del> <ins>who has qualified you</ins> to <del>be partakers of</del> <ins>share in</ins> the inheritance of the saints in <del>light:</del> <ins>the kingdom of light.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 1:13]</b> <del>Who hath delivered</del> <ins>For he has rescued</ins> us from the <del>power</del> <ins>dominion</ins> of <del>darkness,</del> <ins>darkness</ins> and <del>hath translated</del> <ins>brought</ins> us into the kingdom of <del>his dear Son:</del> <ins>the Son he loves,</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 1:14]</b> <del>In</del> <ins>in</ins> whom we have <del>redemption through his blood, even</del> <ins>redemption,</ins> the forgiveness of <del>sins:</del> <ins>sins.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 1:15]</b> <del>Who</del> <ins>He</ins> is the image of the invisible God, the firstborn <del>of every creature:</del> <ins>over all creation.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 1:16]</b> For by him <del>were</del> all things <del>created, that are</del> <ins>were created: things</ins> in <del>heaven,</del> <ins>heaven</ins> and <del>that are in</del> <ins>on</ins> earth, visible and invisible, whether <del>they be thrones,</del> <ins>thrones</ins> or <del>dominions,</del> <ins>powers</ins> or <del>principalities,</del> <ins>rulers</ins> or <del>powers:</del> <ins>authorities;</ins> all things were created by <del>him,</del> <ins>him</ins> and for <del>him:</del> <ins>him.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 1:17]</b> <del>And he</del> <ins>He</ins> is before all things, and <del>by</del> <ins>in</ins> him all things <del>consist.</del> <ins>hold together.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 1:18]</b> And he is the head of the body, the <del>church: who</del> <ins>church; he</ins> is the <del>beginning,</del> <ins>beginning and</ins> the firstborn from <ins>among</ins> the <del>dead;</del> <ins>dead, so</ins> that in <del>all things</del> <ins>everything</ins> he might have the <del>preeminence.</del> <ins>supremacy.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 1:19]</b> For <del>it</del> <ins>God was</ins> pleased <del>the Father that in him should</del> <ins>to have</ins> all <del>fulness dwell;</del> <ins>his fullness dwell in him,</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 1:20]</b> <del>And, having made peace</del> <ins>and</ins> through <del>the blood of his cross, by</del> him to reconcile <ins>to himself</ins> all <del>things unto himself; by him, I say,</del> <ins>things,</ins> whether <del>they be</del> things <del>in earth,</del> <ins>on earth</ins> or things in <del>heaven.</del> <ins>heaven, by making peace through his blood, shed on the cross.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 1:21]</b> <del>And you, that</del> <ins>Once you</ins> were <del>sometime</del> alienated <ins>from God</ins> and <ins>were</ins> enemies in your <del>mind by wicked works, yet now hath he reconciled</del> <ins>minds because of your evil behavior.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 1:22]</b> <del>In the</del> <ins>But now he has reconciled you by Christ's physical</ins> body <del>of his flesh</del> through <del>death,</del> <ins>death</ins> to present you holy <del>and unblameable and unreproveable</del> in his <del>sight:</del> <ins>sight, without blemish and free from accusation--</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 1:23]</b> <del>If ye</del> <ins>if you</ins> continue in <del>the faith grounded</del> <ins>your faith, established</ins> and <del>settled, and be</del> <ins>firm,</ins> not moved <del>away</del> from the hope <del>of</del> <ins>held out in</ins> the <del>gospel, which ye have heard,</del> <ins>gospel. This is the gospel that you heard</ins> and <del>which was preached</del> <ins>that has been proclaimed</ins> to every creature <del>which is</del> under <del>heaven; whereof I Paul am made</del> <ins>heaven, and of which I, Paul, have become</ins> a <del>minister;</del> <ins>servant.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 1:24]</b> <del>Who now</del> <ins>Now I</ins> rejoice in <del>my sufferings</del> <ins>what was suffered</ins> for you, and <ins>I</ins> fill up <del>that which is behind of the afflictions of Christ</del> in my flesh <ins>what is still lacking in regard to Christ's afflictions,</ins> for <ins>the sake of</ins> his <del>body's sake,</del> <ins>body,</ins> which is the <del>church:</del> <ins>church.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 1:25]</b> <del>Whereof</del> I <del>am made a minister, according to</del> <ins>have become its servant by</ins> the <del>dispensation of</del> <ins>commission</ins> God <del>which is given to</del> <ins>gave</ins> me <del>for you,</del> to <del>fulfil</del> <ins>present to you</ins> the word of <del>God;</del> <ins>God in its fullness--</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 1:26]</b> <del>Even</del> the mystery <del>which hath</del> <ins>that has</ins> been <del>hid from</del> <ins>kept hidden for</ins> ages and <del>from</del> generations, but <del>now</del> is <del>made manifest</del> <ins>now disclosed</ins> to <del>his saints:</del> <ins>the saints.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 1:27]</b> To <del>whom</del> <ins>them</ins> God <del>would</del> <ins>has chosen to</ins> make known <del>what is the riches of the glory of this mystery</del> among the <del>Gentiles;</del> <ins>Gentiles the glorious riches of this mystery,</ins> which is Christ in you, the hope of <del>glory:</del> <ins>glory.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 1:28]</b> <del>Whom we preach, warning every man,</del> <ins>We proclaim him, admonishing</ins> and teaching <del>every man in</del> <ins>everyone with</ins> all <del>wisdom;</del> <ins>wisdom, so</ins> that we may present <del>every man</del> <ins>everyone</ins> perfect in <del>Christ Jesus:</del> <ins>Christ.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 1:29]</b> <del>Whereunto</del> <ins>To this end</ins> I <del>also labour, striving according to</del> <ins>labor, struggling with all</ins> his <del>working,</del> <ins>energy,</ins> which <del>worketh</del> <ins>so powerfully works</ins> in <del>me mightily.</del> <ins>me.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 2:1]</b> <del>For</del> I <del>would that ye knew what great conflict</del> <ins>want you to know how much</ins> I <del>have</del> <ins>am struggling</ins> for <del>you,</del> <ins>you</ins> and for <del>them</del> <ins>those</ins> at Laodicea, and for <del>as many as</del> <ins>all who</ins> have not <del>seen my face in the flesh;</del> <ins>met me personally.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 2:2]</b> <del>That their hearts might</del> <ins>My purpose is that they may</ins> be <del>comforted, being knit together</del> <ins>encouraged in heart and united</ins> in love, <del>and unto all riches of</del> <ins>so that they may have</ins> the full <del>assurance</del> <ins>riches</ins> of <ins>complete</ins> understanding, <del>to the acknowledgement of</del> <ins>in order that they may know</ins> the mystery of God, <del>and of the Father, and of Christ;</del> <ins>namely, Christ,</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 2:3]</b> <del>In</del> <ins>in</ins> whom are <del>hid</del> <ins>hidden</ins> all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge.</p><p><b>[Colossians 2:4]</b> <del>And this</del> I <del>say, lest any man should beguile</del> <ins>tell</ins> you <del>with enticing words.</del> <ins>this so that no one may deceive you by fine-sounding arguments.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 2:5]</b> For though I <del>be absent in the flesh, yet</del> am <ins>absent from you in body,</ins> I <ins>am present</ins> with you in <del>the spirit, joying</del> <ins>spirit</ins> and <del>beholding your order,</del> <ins>delight to see how orderly you are</ins> and <del>the stedfastness of</del> <ins>how firm</ins> your faith in <del>Christ.</del> <ins>Christ is.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 2:6]</b> <del>As ye have therefore</del> <ins>So then, just as you</ins> received Christ Jesus <del>the</del> <ins>as</ins> Lord, <del>so walk ye</del> <ins>continue to live</ins> in <del>him:</del> <ins>him,</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 2:7]</b> <del>Rooted</del> <ins>rooted</ins> and built up in him, <del>and stablished</del> <ins>strengthened</ins> in the <del>faith,</del> <ins>faith</ins> as <del>ye have been</del> <ins>you were</ins> taught, <del>abounding therein</del> <ins>and overflowing</ins> with <del>thanksgiving.</del> <ins>thankfulness.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 2:8]</b> <del>Beware lest any man spoil</del> <ins>See to it that no one takes</ins> you <ins>captive</ins> through <del>philosophy</del> <ins>hollow</ins> and <del>vain deceit, after the</del> <ins>deceptive philosophy, which depends on human</ins> tradition <del>of men, after the rudiments of the world,</del> and <del>not after</del> <ins>the basic principles of this world rather than on</ins> Christ.</p><p><b>[Colossians 2:9]</b> For in <del>him dwelleth</del> <ins>Christ</ins> all the <del>fulness</del> <ins>fullness</ins> of the <del>Godhead bodily.</del> <ins>Deity lives in bodily form,</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 2:10]</b> <del>And ye are complete</del> <ins>and you have been given fullness</ins> in <del>him, which</del> <ins>Christ, who</ins> is the head <del>of all principality</del> <ins>over every power</ins> and <del>power:</del> <ins>authority.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 2:11]</b> In <del>whom</del> <ins>him you were</ins> also <del>ye are circumcised</del> <ins>circumcised, in the putting off of the sinful nature, not with a circumcision done by the hands of men but</ins> with the circumcision <del>made without hands, in putting off the body of the sins of the flesh</del> <ins>done</ins> by <del>the circumcision of Christ:</del> <ins>Christ,</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 2:12]</b> <del>Buried</del> <ins>having been buried</ins> with him in <del>baptism, wherein also ye are risen</del> <ins>baptism and raised</ins> with him through <del>the</del> <ins>your</ins> faith <del>of</del> <ins>in</ins> the <del>operation</del> <ins>power</ins> of God, who <del>hath</del> raised him from the dead.</p><p><b>[Colossians 2:13]</b> <del>And you, being</del> <ins>When you were</ins> dead in your sins and <ins>in</ins> the uncircumcision of your <del>flesh, hath he quickened together with him, having forgiven</del> <ins>sinful nature, God made</ins> you <ins>alive with Christ. He forgave us</ins> all <del>trespasses;</del> <ins>our sins,</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 2:14]</b> <del>Blotting out</del> <ins>having canceled</ins> the <del>handwriting of ordinances</del> <ins>written code, with its regulations,</ins> that was against <del>us, which was contrary to us,</del> <ins>us</ins> and <ins>that stood opposed to us; he</ins> took it <del>out of the way,</del> <ins>away,</ins> nailing it to <del>his cross;</del> <ins>the cross.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 2:15]</b> And having <del>spoiled principalities</del> <ins>disarmed the powers</ins> and <del>powers,</del> <ins>authorities,</ins> he made a <del>shew</del> <ins>public spectacle</ins> of <del>them openly,</del> <ins>them,</ins> triumphing over them <del>in it.</del> <ins>by the cross.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 2:16]</b> <del>Let no man therefore</del> <ins>Therefore do not let anyone</ins> judge you <del>in meat,</del> <ins>by what you eat</ins> or <del>in</del> drink, or <del>in respect of an holyday,</del> <ins>with regard to a religious festival, a New Moon celebration</ins> or <del>of the new moon, or of the sabbath days:</del> <ins>a Sabbath day.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 2:17]</b> <del>Which</del> <ins>These</ins> are a shadow of <ins>the</ins> things <ins>that were</ins> to come; <del>but</del> the <del>body</del> <ins>reality, however,</ins> is <del>of</del> <ins>found in</ins> Christ.</p><p><b>[Colossians 2:18]</b> <del>Let no man beguile you of your reward</del> <ins>Do not let anyone who delights</ins> in <del>a voluntary</del> <ins>false</ins> humility and <del>worshipping</del> <ins>the worship</ins> of <del>angels, intruding</del> <ins>angels disqualify you for the prize. Such a person goes</ins> into <del>those things which</del> <ins>great detail about what</ins> he <del>hath not</del> <ins>has</ins> seen, <del>vainly puffed up by</del> <ins>and</ins> his <del>fleshly mind,</del> <ins>unspiritual mind puffs him up with idle notions.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 2:19]</b> <del>And not holding</del> <ins>He has lost connection with</ins> the Head, from <del>which all</del> <ins>whom</ins> the <del>body by joints</del> <ins>whole body, supported</ins> and <del>bands having nourishment ministered,</del> <ins>held together by its ligaments</ins> and <del>knit together, increaseth with the increase of God.</del> <ins>sinews, grows as God causes it to grow.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 2:20]</b> <del>Wherefore if ye be dead</del> <ins>Since you died</ins> with Christ <del>from</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>rudiments</del> <ins>basic principles</ins> of <del>the</del> <ins>this</ins> world, why, as though <del>living in the world, are ye subject</del> <ins>you still belonged</ins> to <del>ordinances,</del> <ins>it, do you submit to its rules:</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 2:21]</b> <del>(Touch not; taste not; handle not;</del> <ins>"Do not handle! Do not taste! Do not touch!"?</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 2:22]</b> <del>Which all</del> <ins>These</ins> are <ins>all destined</ins> to perish with <del>the using;) after the commandments</del> <ins>use, because they are based on human commands</ins> and <del>doctrines of men?</del> <ins>teachings.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 2:23]</b> <del>Which things have</del> <ins>Such regulations</ins> indeed <del>a shew</del> <ins>have an appearance</ins> of <del>wisdom in will</del> <ins>wisdom, with their self-imposed</ins> worship, <ins>their false humility</ins> and <del>humility, and neglecting</del> <ins>their harsh treatment</ins> of the <del>body: not in</del> <ins>body, but they lack</ins> any <del>honour to the satisfying of the flesh.</del> <ins>value in restraining sensual indulgence.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 3:1]</b> <del>If ye then be risen</del> <ins>Since, then, you have been raised</ins> with Christ, <del>seek those</del> <ins>set your hearts on</ins> things <del>which are</del> above, where Christ <del>sitteth on</del> <ins>is seated at</ins> the right hand of God.</p><p><b>[Colossians 3:2]</b> Set your <del>affection</del> <ins>minds</ins> on things above, not on <del>things on the earth.</del> <ins>earthly things.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 3:3]</b> For <del>ye are dead,</del> <ins>you died,</ins> and your life is <del>hid</del> <ins>now hidden</ins> with Christ in God.</p><p><b>[Colossians 3:4]</b> When Christ, who is <del>our</del> <ins>your</ins> life, <del>shall appear,</del> <ins>appears,</ins> then <del>shall ye</del> <ins>you</ins> also <ins>will</ins> appear with him in glory.</p><p><b>[Colossians 3:5]</b> <del>Mortify therefore</del> <ins>Put to death, therefore, whatever belongs to</ins> your <del>members which are upon the earth; fornication, uncleanness, inordinate affection,</del> <ins>earthly nature: sexual immorality, impurity, lust,</ins> evil <del>concupiscence,</del> <ins>desires</ins> and <del>covetousness,</del> <ins>greed,</ins> which is <del>idolatry:</del> <ins>idolatry.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 3:6]</b> <del>For which things' sake</del> <ins>Because of these,</ins> the wrath of God <del>cometh on the children of disobedience:</del> <ins>is coming.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 3:7]</b> <del>In the which ye also walked some time, when ye lived</del> <ins>You used to walk</ins> in <del>them.</del> <ins>these ways, in the life you once lived.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 3:8]</b> But now <del>ye also put off all these; anger, wrath, malice, blasphemy, filthy communication out</del> <ins>you must rid yourselves</ins> of <ins>all such things as these: anger, rage, malice, slander, and filthy language from</ins> your <del>mouth.</del> <ins>lips.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 3:9]</b> <del>Lie</del> <ins>Do</ins> not <del>one</del> <ins>lie</ins> to <del>another, seeing that ye</del> <ins>each other, since you</ins> have <del>put</del> <ins>taken</ins> off <del>the</del> <ins>your</ins> old <del>man</del> <ins>self</ins> with <del>his deeds;</del> <ins>its practices</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 3:10]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> have put on the new <del>man,</del> <ins>self,</ins> which is <ins>being</ins> renewed in knowledge <del>after</del> <ins>in</ins> the image of <del>him that created him:</del> <ins>its Creator.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 3:11]</b> <del>Where</del> <ins>Here</ins> there is <del>neither</del> <ins>no</ins> Greek <del>nor</del> <ins>or</ins> Jew, <del>circumcision nor uncircumcision, Barbarian,</del> <ins>circumcised or uncircumcised, barbarian,</ins> Scythian, <del>bond nor free:</del> <ins>slave or free,</ins> but Christ is all, and <ins>is</ins> in all.</p><p><b>[Colossians 3:12]</b> <del>Put on therefore,</del> <ins>Therefore,</ins> as <del>the elect of God,</del> <ins>God's chosen people,</ins> holy and <del>beloved, bowels of mercies,</del> <ins>dearly loved, clothe yourselves with compassion,</ins> kindness, <del>humbleness of mind, meekness, longsuffering;</del> <ins>humility, gentleness and patience.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 3:13]</b> <del>Forbearing one another,</del> <ins>Bear with each other</ins> and <del>forgiving one another, if any man</del> <ins>forgive whatever grievances you may</ins> have <del>a quarrel</del> against <del>any: even</del> <ins>one another. Forgive</ins> as <del>Christ</del> <ins>the Lord</ins> forgave <del>you, so also do ye.</del> <ins>you.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 3:14]</b> And <del>above</del> <ins>over</ins> all these <del>things</del> <ins>virtues</ins> put on <del>charity,</del> <ins>love,</ins> which <del>is the bond of perfectness.</del> <ins>binds them all together in perfect unity.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 3:15]</b> <del>And let</del> <ins>Let</ins> the peace of <del>God</del> <ins>Christ</ins> rule in your hearts, <del>to the which also ye are called in</del> <ins>since as members of</ins> one <del>body; and</del> <ins>body you were called to peace. And</ins> be <del>ye</del> thankful.</p><p><b>[Colossians 3:16]</b> Let the word of Christ dwell in you richly <del>in all wisdom; teaching</del> <ins>as you teach</ins> and <del>admonishing</del> <ins>admonish</ins> one another <del>in psalms</del> <ins>with all wisdom,</ins> and <ins>as you sing psalms,</ins> hymns and spiritual <del>songs, singing</del> <ins>songs</ins> with <del>grace</del> <ins>gratitude</ins> in your hearts to <del>the Lord.</del> <ins>God.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 3:17]</b> And <del>whatsoever ye do</del> <ins>whatever you do, whether</ins> in word or deed, do <ins>it</ins> all in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God <del>and</del> the Father <del>by</del> <ins>through</ins> him.</p><p><b>[Colossians 3:18]</b> Wives, submit <del>yourselves unto</del> <ins>to</ins> your <del>own</del> husbands, as <del>it</del> is <del>fit</del> <ins>fitting</ins> in the Lord.</p><p><b>[Colossians 3:19]</b> Husbands, love your <del>wives,</del> <ins>wives</ins> and <del>be</del> <ins>do</ins> not <del>bitter against</del> <ins>be harsh with</ins> them.</p><p><b>[Colossians 3:20]</b> Children, obey your parents in <del>all things:</del> <ins>everything,</ins> for this <del>is well pleasing unto</del> <ins>pleases</ins> the Lord.</p><p><b>[Colossians 3:21]</b> Fathers, <del>provoke</del> <ins>do</ins> not <ins>embitter</ins> your <del>children to anger, lest</del> <ins>children, or</ins> they <del>be</del> <ins>will become</ins> discouraged.</p><p><b>[Colossians 3:22]</b> <del>Servants,</del> <ins>Slaves,</ins> obey <del>in all things</del> your <ins>earthly</ins> masters <del>according to the flesh; not with eyeservice, as menpleasers; but</del> in <del>singleness</del> <ins>everything; and do it, not only when their eye is on you and to win their favor, but with sincerity</ins> of <del>heart, fearing God;</del> <ins>heart and reverence for the Lord.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 3:23]</b> <del>And whatsoever ye</del> <ins>Whatever you</ins> do, <del>do</del> <ins>work at</ins> it <del>heartily,</del> <ins>with all your heart,</ins> as <del>to</del> <ins>working for</ins> the Lord, <del>and</del> not <del>unto men;</del> <ins>for men,</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 3:24]</b> <del>Knowing</del> <ins>since you know</ins> that <del>of</del> <ins>you will receive an inheritance from</ins> the Lord <del>ye shall receive the reward of the inheritance: for ye serve</del> <ins>as a reward. It is</ins> the Lord <del>Christ.</del> <ins>Christ you are serving.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 3:25]</b> <del>But he that doeth</del> <ins>Anyone who does</ins> wrong <del>shall receive</del> <ins>will be repaid</ins> for <del>the wrong which he hath done:</del> <ins>his wrong,</ins> and there is no <del>respect of persons.</del> <ins>favoritism.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 4:1]</b> Masters, <del>give unto</del> <ins>provide</ins> your <del>servants that which</del> <ins>slaves with what</ins> is <del>just</del> <ins>right</ins> and <del>equal; knowing</del> <ins>fair, because you know</ins> that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> also have a Master in heaven.</p><p><b>[Colossians 4:2]</b> <del>Continue in</del> <ins>Devote yourselves to</ins> prayer, <ins>being watchful</ins> and <del>watch in the same with thanksgiving;</del> <ins>thankful.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 4:3]</b> <del>Withal praying also</del> <ins>And pray</ins> for us, <ins>too,</ins> that God <del>would</del> <ins>may</ins> open <del>unto us</del> a door <del>of utterance, to speak</del> <ins>for our message, so that we may proclaim</ins> the mystery of Christ, for which I am <del>also</del> in <del>bonds:</del> <ins>chains.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 4:4]</b> <del>That</del> <ins>Pray that</ins> I may <del>make</del> <ins>proclaim</ins> it <del>manifest,</del> <ins>clearly,</ins> as I <del>ought to speak.</del> <ins>should.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 4:5]</b> <del>Walk</del> <ins>Be wise</ins> in <del>wisdom toward them that are without, redeeming</del> the <del>time.</del> <ins>way you act toward outsiders; make the most of every opportunity.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 4:6]</b> Let your <del>speech</del> <ins>conversation</ins> be <del>alway with</del> <ins>always full of</ins> grace, seasoned with salt, <ins>so</ins> that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> may know how <del>ye ought</del> to answer <del>every man.</del> <ins>everyone.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 4:7]</b> <del>All my state shall</del> Tychicus <del>declare unto you, who</del> <ins>will tell you all the news about me. He</ins> is a <del>beloved</del> <ins>dear</ins> brother, <del>and</del> a faithful minister and <del>fellowservant</del> <ins>fellow servant</ins> in the <del>Lord:</del> <ins>Lord.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 4:8]</b> <del>Whom</del> I <del>have sent unto</del> <ins>am sending him to</ins> you for the <del>same purpose,</del> <ins>express purpose that you may know about our circumstances and</ins> that he <del>might know</del> <ins>may encourage</ins> your <del>estate, and comfort your hearts;</del> <ins>hearts.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 4:9]</b> <del>With</del> <ins>He is coming with</ins> Onesimus, <del>a</del> <ins>our</ins> faithful and <del>beloved</del> <ins>dear</ins> brother, who is one of you. They <del>shall make known unto</del> <ins>will tell</ins> you <del>all things which are done</del> <ins>everything that is happening</ins> here.</p><p><b>[Colossians 4:10]</b> <ins>My fellow prisoner</ins> Aristarchus <del>my fellowprisoner saluteth you, and Marcus, sister's son to Barnabas, (touching whom ye</del> <ins>sends you his greetings, as does Mark, the cousin of Barnabas. (You have</ins> received <del>commandments:</del> <ins>instructions about him;</ins> if he <del>come unto</del> <ins>comes to</ins> you, <del>receive him;)</del> <ins>welcome him.)</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 4:11]</b> <del>And</del> Jesus, <del>which</del> <ins>who</ins> is called Justus, <del>who are of the circumcision.</del> <ins>also sends greetings.</ins> These <del>only</del> are <ins>the only Jews among</ins> my <del>fellowworkers unto</del> <ins>fellow workers for</ins> the kingdom of God, <del>which</del> <ins>and they</ins> have <del>been</del> <ins>proved</ins> a comfort <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me.</p><p><b>[Colossians 4:12]</b> Epaphras, who is one of <del>you,</del> <ins>you and</ins> a servant of <del>Christ, saluteth you,</del> <ins>Christ Jesus, sends greetings. He is</ins> always <del>labouring fervently for you</del> <ins>wrestling</ins> in <del>prayers,</del> <ins>prayer for you,</ins> that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> may stand <del>perfect and complete</del> <ins>firm</ins> in all the will of <del>God.</del> <ins>God, mature and fully assured.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 4:13]</b> <del>For</del> I <del>bear</del> <ins>vouch for</ins> him <del>record,</del> that he <del>hath a great zeal</del> <ins>is working hard</ins> for <del>you,</del> <ins>you</ins> and <del>them that are in Laodicea,</del> <ins>for those at Laodicea</ins> and <del>them in</del> Hierapolis.</p><p><b>[Colossians 4:14]</b> <ins>Our dear friend</ins> Luke, the <del>beloved physician,</del> <ins>doctor,</ins> and <del>Demas, greet you.</del> <ins>Demas send greetings.</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 4:15]</b> <del>Salute</del> <ins>Give my greetings to</ins> the <del>brethren which are in</del> <ins>brothers at</ins> Laodicea, and <del>Nymphas,</del> <ins>to Nympha</ins> and the church <del>which is</del> in <del>his</del> <ins>her</ins> house.</p><p><b>[Colossians 4:16]</b> <del>And when</del> <ins>After</ins> this <del>epistle is</del> <ins>letter has been</ins> read <del>among</del> <ins>to</ins> you, <del>cause</del> <ins>see</ins> that it <del>be read</del> <ins>is</ins> also <ins>read</ins> in the church of the <del>Laodiceans;</del> <ins>Laodiceans</ins> and that <del>ye likewise</del> <ins>you in turn</ins> read the <del>epistle</del> <ins>letter</ins> from Laodicea.</p><p><b>[Colossians 4:17]</b> <del>And say</del> <ins>Tell Archippus: "See</ins> to <del>Archippus, Take heed to</del> <ins>it that you complete</ins> the <del>ministry which thou hast</del> <ins>work you have</ins> received in the <del>Lord, that thou fulfil it.</del> <ins>Lord."</ins></p><p><b>[Colossians 4:18]</b> <del>The salutation by the hand of me Paul.</del> <ins>I, Paul, write this greeting in my own hand.</ins> Remember my <del>bonds.</del> <ins>chains.</ins> Grace be with you. <del>Amen.</del></p>