<p><b>[Ephesians 1:1]</b> Paul, an apostle of <del>Jesus</del> Christ <ins>Jesus</ins> by the will of God, <del>to</del> <ins>To</ins> the saints <del>which are at</del> <ins>in</ins> Ephesus, <del>and to</del> the faithful in Christ Jesus:</p><p><b>[Ephesians 1:2]</b> Grace <del>be to you,</del> and <del>peace,</del> <ins>peace to you</ins> from God our <del>Father,</del> <ins>Father</ins> and <del>from</del> the Lord Jesus Christ.</p><p><b>[Ephesians 1:3]</b> <del>Blessed</del> <ins>Praise</ins> be <ins>to</ins> the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> blessed us <del>with all spiritual blessings</del> in <ins>the</ins> heavenly <del>places</del> <ins>realms with every spiritual blessing</ins> in <del>Christ:</del> <ins>Christ.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 1:4]</b> <del>According as</del> <ins>For</ins> he <del>hath chosen</del> <ins>chose</ins> us in him before the <del>foundation</del> <ins>creation</ins> of the <del>world, that we should</del> <ins>world to</ins> be holy and <del>without blame before him</del> <ins>blameless</ins> in <del>love:</del> <ins>his sight. In love</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 1:5]</b> <del>Having predestinated</del> <ins>he predestined</ins> us <del>unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ</del> to <del>himself, according to the good pleasure of</del> <ins>be adopted as</ins> his <del>will,</del> <ins>sons through Jesus Christ, in accordance with his pleasure and will--</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 1:6]</b> <del>To</del> <ins>to</ins> the praise of <del>the glory of</del> his <ins>glorious</ins> grace, <del>wherein</del> <ins>which</ins> he <del>hath made</del> <ins>has freely given</ins> us <del>accepted</del> in the <del>beloved.</del> <ins>One he loves.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 1:7]</b> In <del>whom</del> <ins>him</ins> we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of sins, <del>according to</del> <ins>in accordance with</ins> the riches of <del>his grace;</del> <ins>God's grace</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 1:8]</b> <del>Wherein</del> <ins>that</ins> he <del>hath abounded toward</del> <ins>lavished on</ins> us <del>in</del> <ins>with</ins> all wisdom and <del>prudence;</del> <ins>understanding.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 1:9]</b> <del>Having</del> <ins>And he</ins> made known <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> us the mystery of his <del>will,</del> <ins>will</ins> according to his good <del>pleasure</del> <ins>pleasure,</ins> which he <del>hath</del> purposed in <del>himself:</del> <ins>Christ,</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 1:10]</b> <del>That in</del> <ins>to be put into effect when</ins> the <del>dispensation of the fulness of</del> times <del>he might gather together in one</del> <ins>will have reached their fulfillment--to bring</ins> all things in <del>Christ, both which are in heaven,</del> <ins>heaven</ins> and <del>which are</del> on <del>earth;</del> <ins>earth together under one head,</ins> even <del>in him:</del> <ins>Christ.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 1:11]</b> In <del>whom also</del> <ins>him</ins> we <del>have obtained an inheritance, being predestinated</del> <ins>were also chosen, having been predestined</ins> according to the <del>purpose</del> <ins>plan</ins> of him who <del>worketh all things after</del> <ins>works out everything in conformity with</ins> the <del>counsel</del> <ins>purpose</ins> of his <del>own will:</del> <ins>will,</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 1:12]</b> <del>That we should be</del> <ins>in order that we, who were the first</ins> to <ins>hope in Christ, might be for</ins> the praise of his <del>glory, who first trusted in Christ.</del> <ins>glory.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 1:13]</b> <del>In whom ye</del> <ins>And you</ins> also <del>trusted, after that ye</del> <ins>were included in Christ when you</ins> heard the word of truth, the gospel of your <del>salvation: in whom also after that ye</del> <ins>salvation. Having</ins> believed, <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> were <del>sealed</del> <ins>marked in him</ins> with <del>that holy Spirit of promise,</del> <ins>a seal, the promised Holy Spirit,</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 1:14]</b> <del>Which</del> <ins>who</ins> is <del>the earnest of</del> <ins>a deposit guaranteeing</ins> our inheritance until the redemption of <del>the purchased possession, unto</del> <ins>those who are God's possession--to</ins> the praise of his glory.</p><p><b>[Ephesians 1:15]</b> <del>Wherefore I also, after</del> <ins>For this reason, ever since</ins> I heard <del>of</del> <ins>about</ins> your faith in the Lord <del>Jesus,</del> <ins>Jesus</ins> and <ins>your</ins> love <del>unto</del> <ins>for</ins> all the saints,</p><p><b>[Ephesians 1:16]</b> <del>Cease</del> <ins>I have</ins> not <del>to give</del> <ins>stopped giving</ins> thanks for you, <del>making mention of</del> <ins>remembering</ins> you in my <del>prayers;</del> <ins>prayers.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 1:17]</b> <del>That</del> <ins>I keep asking that</ins> the God of our Lord Jesus Christ, the <del>Father of glory,</del> <ins>glorious Father,</ins> may give <del>unto</del> you the <del>spirit</del> <ins>Spirit</ins> of wisdom and <del>revelation in the knowledge of him:</del> <ins>revelation, so that you may know him better.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 1:18]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>I pray also that the</ins> eyes of your <del>understanding being enlightened;</del> <ins>heart may be enlightened in order</ins> that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> may know <del>what is</del> the hope <del>of his calling, and what</del> <ins>to which he has called you,</ins> the riches of <del>the glory of</del> his <ins>glorious</ins> inheritance in the saints,</p><p><b>[Ephesians 1:19]</b> <del>And what is the exceeding greatness of</del> <ins>and</ins> his <ins>incomparably great</ins> power <del>to us-ward</del> <ins>for us</ins> who <del>believe, according to</del> <ins>believe. That power is like</ins> the working of his mighty <del>power,</del> <ins>strength,</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 1:20]</b> <del>Which</del> <ins>which</ins> he <del>wrought</del> <ins>exerted</ins> in <del>Christ,</del> <ins>Christ</ins> when he raised him from the <del>dead,</del> <ins>dead</ins> and <del>set</del> <ins>seated</ins> him at his <del>own</del> right hand in the heavenly <del>places,</del> <ins>realms,</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 1:21]</b> <del>Far</del> <ins>far</ins> above all <del>principality,</del> <ins>rule</ins> and <del>power, and might,</del> <ins>authority, power</ins> and dominion, and every <del>name</del> <ins>title</ins> that <del>is named,</del> <ins>can be given,</ins> not only in <del>this world,</del> <ins>the present age</ins> but also in <del>that which is</del> <ins>the one</ins> to <del>come:</del> <ins>come.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 1:22]</b> And <del>hath put</del> <ins>God placed</ins> all things under his <del>feet,</del> <ins>feet</ins> and <del>gave</del> <ins>appointed</ins> him to be <del>the</del> head over <del>all things to</del> <ins>everything for</ins> the church,</p><p><b>[Ephesians 1:23]</b> <del>Which</del> <ins>which</ins> is his body, the <del>fulness</del> <ins>fullness</ins> of him <del>that filleth all</del> <ins>who fills everything</ins> in <del>all.</del> <ins>every way.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 2:1]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>As for you,</ins> you <del>hath he quickened, who</del> were dead in <del>trespasses</del> <ins>your transgressions</ins> and <del>sins;</del> <ins>sins,</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 2:2]</b> <del>Wherein</del> in <del>time past ye walked according</del> <ins>which you used</ins> to <ins>live when you followed</ins> the <del>course</del> <ins>ways</ins> of this <del>world, according to the prince</del> <ins>world and</ins> of the <del>power</del> <ins>ruler of the kingdom</ins> of the air, the spirit <del>that</del> <ins>who is</ins> now <del>worketh</del> <ins>at work</ins> in <del>the children of disobedience:</del> <ins>those who are disobedient.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 2:3]</b> <del>Among whom</del> <ins>All of us</ins> also <del>we all had our conversation in times past in</del> <ins>lived among them at one time, gratifying</ins> the <del>lusts</del> <ins>cravings</ins> of our <del>flesh, fulfilling the desires of the flesh</del> <ins>sinful nature</ins> and <del>of the mind;</del> <ins>following its desires</ins> and <ins>thoughts. Like the rest, we</ins> were by nature <del>the children</del> <ins>objects</ins> of <del>wrath, even as others.</del> <ins>wrath.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 2:4]</b> But <ins>because of his great love for us,</ins> God, who is rich in mercy, <del>for his great love wherewith he loved us,</del></p><p><b>[Ephesians 2:5]</b> <del>Even</del> <ins>made us alive with Christ even</ins> when we were dead in <del>sins, hath quickened us together with Christ, (by</del> <ins>transgressions--it is by</ins> grace <del>ye are saved;)</del> <ins>you have been saved.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 2:6]</b> And <del>hath</del> <ins>God</ins> raised us up <del>together,</del> <ins>with Christ</ins> and <del>made</del> <ins>seated</ins> us <del>sit together</del> <ins>with him</ins> in <ins>the</ins> heavenly <del>places</del> <ins>realms</ins> in Christ <del>Jesus:</del> <ins>Jesus,</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 2:7]</b> <del>That</del> <ins>in order that</ins> in the <ins>coming</ins> ages <del>to come</del> he might <del>shew</del> <ins>show</ins> the <del>exceeding</del> <ins>incomparable</ins> riches of his <del>grace</del> <ins>grace, expressed</ins> in his kindness <del>toward</del> <ins>to</ins> us <del>through</del> <ins>in</ins> Christ Jesus.</p><p><b>[Ephesians 2:8]</b> For <ins>it is</ins> by grace <del>are ye saved</del> <ins>you have been saved,</ins> through <del>faith; and that</del> <ins>faith--and this</ins> not <del>of yourselves:</del> <ins>from yourselves,</ins> it is the gift of <del>God:</del> <ins>God--</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 2:9]</b> <del>Not of</del> <ins>not by</ins> works, <del>lest any man should</del> <ins>so that no one can</ins> boast.</p><p><b>[Ephesians 2:10]</b> For we are <del>his</del> <ins>God's</ins> workmanship, created in Christ Jesus <del>unto</del> <ins>to do</ins> good works, which God <del>hath before ordained that we should walk</del> <ins>prepared</ins> in <del>them.</del> <ins>advance for us to do.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 2:11]</b> <del>Wherefore remember,</del> <ins>Therefore, remember</ins> that <del>ye being in time past Gentiles in the flesh,</del> <ins>formerly you</ins> who are <del>called Uncircumcision</del> <ins>Gentiles</ins> by <del>that which is</del> <ins>birth and</ins> called <del>the Circumcision</del> <ins>"uncircumcised" by those who call themselves "the circumcision" (that done</ins> in the <del>flesh made</del> <ins>body</ins> by <del>hands;</del> <ins>the hands of men)--</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 2:12]</b> <del>That</del> <ins>remember that</ins> at that time <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> were <del>without Christ, being aliens</del> <ins>separate</ins> from <del>the commonwealth of Israel, and strangers</del> <ins>Christ, excluded</ins> from <ins>citizenship in Israel and foreigners to</ins> the covenants of <ins>the</ins> promise, <del>having no hope,</del> <ins>without hope</ins> and without God in the <del>world:</del> <ins>world.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 2:13]</b> But now in Christ Jesus <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> who <del>sometimes</del> <ins>once</ins> were far <del>off are made nigh by</del> <ins>away have been brought near through</ins> the blood of Christ.</p><p><b>[Ephesians 2:14]</b> For he <ins>himself</ins> is our peace, who <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> made <del>both one, and hath broken down</del> the <del>middle</del> <ins>two one and has destroyed the barrier, the dividing</ins> wall of <del>partition between us;</del> <ins>hostility,</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 2:15]</b> <del>Having abolished</del> <ins>by abolishing</ins> in his flesh the <del>enmity, even the</del> law <del>of</del> <ins>with its</ins> commandments <del>contained in ordinances; for</del> <ins>and regulations. His purpose was</ins> to <del>make</del> <ins>create</ins> in himself <del>of twain</del> one new <del>man, so</del> <ins>man out of the two, thus</ins> making <del>peace;</del> <ins>peace,</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 2:16]</b> <del>And that he might reconcile both unto God</del> <ins>and</ins> in <ins>this</ins> one body <del>by</del> <ins>to reconcile both of them to God through</ins> the cross, <del>having slain the enmity thereby:</del> <ins>by which he put to death their hostility.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 2:17]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>He</ins> came and preached peace to you <del>which</del> <ins>who</ins> were <del>afar off,</del> <ins>far away</ins> and <ins>peace</ins> to <del>them that</del> <ins>those who</ins> were <del>nigh.</del> <ins>near.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 2:18]</b> For through him we both have access <ins>to the Father</ins> by one <del>Spirit unto the Father.</del> <ins>Spirit.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 2:19]</b> <del>Now therefore ye</del> <ins>Consequently, you</ins> are no <del>more strangers</del> <ins>longer foreigners</ins> and <del>foreigners,</del> <ins>aliens,</ins> but <del>fellowcitizens</del> <ins>fellow citizens</ins> with <del>the saints,</del> <ins>God's people</ins> and <ins>members</ins> of <del>the household of God;</del> <ins>God's household,</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 2:20]</b> <del>And are</del> built <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> the foundation of the apostles and prophets, <del>Jesus</del> <ins>with</ins> Christ <ins>Jesus</ins> himself <del>being</del> <ins>as</ins> the chief <del>corner stone;</del> <ins>cornerstone.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 2:21]</b> In <del>whom all</del> <ins>him</ins> the <ins>whole</ins> building <del>fitly framed</del> <ins>is joined</ins> together <del>groweth unto an</del> <ins>and rises to become a</ins> holy temple in the <del>Lord:</del> <ins>Lord.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 2:22]</b> <del>In whom ye also</del> <ins>And in him you too</ins> are <del>builded</del> <ins>being built</ins> together <del>for an habitation of</del> <ins>to become a dwelling in which</ins> God <del>through the</del> <ins>lives by his</ins> Spirit.</p><p><b>[Ephesians 3:1]</b> For this <del>cause I</del> <ins>reason I,</ins> Paul, the prisoner of <del>Jesus</del> Christ <ins>Jesus</ins> for <ins>the sake of</ins> you <del>Gentiles,</del> <ins>Gentiles--</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 3:2]</b> <del>If ye</del> <ins>Surely you</ins> have heard <del>of</del> <ins>about</ins> the <del>dispensation</del> <ins>administration</ins> of <del>the</del> <ins>God's</ins> grace <del>of God which is</del> <ins>that was</ins> given <del>me</del> to <del>you-ward:</del> <ins>me for you,</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 3:3]</b> <del>How</del> that <del>by revelation he</del> <ins>is, the mystery</ins> made known <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me <del>the mystery; (as</del> <ins>by revelation, as</ins> I <del>wrote afore in few words,</del> <ins>have already written briefly.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 3:4]</b> <del>Whereby, when ye read, ye may</del> <ins>In reading this, then, you will be able to</ins> understand my <del>knowledge in</del> <ins>insight into</ins> the mystery of <del>Christ)</del> <ins>Christ,</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 3:5]</b> <del>Which in other ages</del> <ins>which</ins> was not made known <del>unto the sons of men,</del> <ins>to men in other generations</ins> as it <del>is</del> <ins>has</ins> now <ins>been</ins> revealed <del>unto his</del> <ins>by the Spirit to God's</ins> holy apostles and <del>prophets by the Spirit;</del> <ins>prophets.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 3:6]</b> <del>That</del> <ins>This mystery is that through the gospel</ins> the Gentiles <del>should be fellowheirs, and</del> <ins>are heirs together with Israel, members together</ins> of <del>the same</del> <ins>one</ins> body, and <del>partakers of his</del> <ins>sharers together in the</ins> promise in Christ <del>by the gospel:</del> <ins>Jesus.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 3:7]</b> <del>Whereof</del> I <del>was made</del> <ins>became</ins> a <del>minister, according to</del> <ins>servant of this gospel by</ins> the gift of <del>the</del> <ins>God's</ins> grace <del>of God</del> given <del>unto</del> me <del>by</del> <ins>through</ins> the <del>effectual</del> working of his power.</p><p><b>[Ephesians 3:8]</b> <del>Unto me, who</del> <ins>Although I</ins> am less than the least of all <del>saints, is</del> <ins>God's people,</ins> this grace <del>given, that I should</del> <ins>was given me: to</ins> preach <del>among</del> <ins>to</ins> the Gentiles the unsearchable riches of <del>Christ;</del> <ins>Christ,</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 3:9]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> to make <del>all men see what is</del> <ins>plain to everyone</ins> the <del>fellowship</del> <ins>administration</ins> of <del>the</del> <ins>this</ins> mystery, which <del>from the beginning of the world hath been hid</del> <ins>for ages past was kept hidden</ins> in God, who created all <del>things by Jesus Christ:</del> <ins>things.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 3:10]</b> <del>To the</del> <ins>His</ins> intent <ins>was</ins> that <del>now unto</del> <ins>now, through</ins> the <del>principalities and powers in heavenly places might be known by the church</del> <ins>church,</ins> the manifold wisdom of <del>God,</del> <ins>God should be made known to the rulers and authorities in the heavenly realms,</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 3:11]</b> <del>According</del> <ins>according</ins> to <del>the</del> <ins>his</ins> eternal purpose which he <del>purposed</del> <ins>accomplished</ins> in Christ Jesus our <del>Lord:</del> <ins>Lord.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 3:12]</b> In <del>whom we have boldness</del> <ins>him</ins> and <del>access with confidence by the</del> <ins>through</ins> faith <del>of him.</del> <ins>in him we may approach God with freedom and confidence.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 3:13]</b> <del>Wherefore</del> I <del>desire that ye faint</del> <ins>ask you, therefore,</ins> not <del>at</del> <ins>to be discouraged because of</ins> my <del>tribulations</del> <ins>sufferings</ins> for you, which <del>is</del> <ins>are</ins> your glory.</p><p><b>[Ephesians 3:14]</b> For this <del>cause</del> <ins>reason</ins> I <del>bow my knees unto</del> <ins>kneel before</ins> the <del>Father of our Lord Jesus Christ,</del> <ins>Father,</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 3:15]</b> <del>Of</del> <ins>from</ins> whom <del>the</del> <ins>his</ins> whole family in heaven and <ins>on</ins> earth <del>is named,</del> <ins>derives its name.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 3:16]</b> <del>That he would grant you, according to the riches</del> <ins>I pray that out</ins> of his <del>glory, to be strengthened</del> <ins>glorious riches he may strengthen you</ins> with <del>might by</del> <ins>power through</ins> his Spirit in <del>the</del> <ins>your</ins> inner <del>man;</del> <ins>being,</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 3:17]</b> <del>That</del> <ins>so that</ins> Christ may dwell in your hearts <del>by faith;</del> <ins>through faith. And I pray</ins> that <del>ye,</del> <ins>you,</ins> being rooted and <del>grounded</del> <ins>established</ins> in love,</p><p><b>[Ephesians 3:18]</b> <del>May be able to comprehend</del> <ins>may have power, together</ins> with all <del>saints what</del> <ins>the saints, to grasp how wide and long and high and deep</ins> is the <del>breadth, and length, and depth, and height;</del> <ins>love of Christ,</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 3:19]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> to know <del>the</del> <ins>this</ins> love <del>of Christ, which passeth knowledge,</del> that <del>ye might</del> <ins>surpasses knowledge--that you may</ins> be filled <del>with</del> <ins>to the measure of</ins> all the <del>fulness</del> <ins>fullness</ins> of God.</p><p><b>[Ephesians 3:20]</b> Now <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> him <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> is able to do <del>exceeding abundantly above</del> <ins>immeasurably more than</ins> all <del>that</del> we ask or <del>think,</del> <ins>imagine,</ins> according to <del>the</del> <ins>his</ins> power that <del>worketh in</del> <ins>is at work within</ins> us,</p><p><b>[Ephesians 3:21]</b> <del>Unto</del> <ins>to</ins> him be glory in the church <del>by</del> <ins>and in</ins> Christ Jesus throughout all <del>ages, world without end.</del> <ins>generations, for ever and ever!</ins> Amen.</p><p><b>[Ephesians 4:1]</b> <del>I therefore, the</del> <ins>As a</ins> prisoner <del>of</del> <ins>for</ins> the Lord, <del>beseech</del> <ins>then, I urge</ins> you <del>that ye walk</del> <ins>to live a life</ins> worthy of the <del>vocation wherewith ye are called,</del> <ins>calling you have received.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 4:2]</b> <del>With all lowliness</del> <ins>Be completely humble</ins> and <del>meekness,</del> <ins>gentle; be patient, bearing</ins> with <del>longsuffering, forbearing</del> one another in <del>love;</del> <ins>love.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 4:3]</b> <del>Endeavouring</del> <ins>Make every effort</ins> to keep the unity of the Spirit <del>in</del> <ins>through</ins> the bond of peace.</p><p><b>[Ephesians 4:4]</b> There is one <del>body,</del> <ins>body</ins> and one <del>Spirit, even</del> <ins>Spirit--just</ins> as <del>ye are</del> <ins>you were</ins> called <del>in</del> <ins>to</ins> one hope <del>of your calling;</del> <ins>when you were called--</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 4:5]</b> <del>One</del> <ins>one</ins> Lord, one faith, one <del>baptism,</del> <ins>baptism;</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 4:6]</b> <del>One</del> <ins>one</ins> God and Father of all, who is <del>above all,</del> <ins>over all</ins> and through <del>all,</del> <ins>all</ins> and in <del>you</del> all.</p><p><b>[Ephesians 4:7]</b> But <del>unto every</del> <ins>to each</ins> one of us <del>is given</del> grace <del>according to the measure of the gift of Christ.</del> <ins>has been given as Christ apportioned it.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 4:8]</b> <del>Wherefore he saith, When</del> <ins>This is why it says: "When</ins> he ascended <del>up</del> on high, he led <del>captivity captive,</del> <ins>captives in his train</ins> and gave gifts <del>unto men.</del> <ins>to men."</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 4:9]</b> <del>(Now that he ascended, what is it but</del> <ins>(What does "he ascended" mean except</ins> that he also descended <del>first into</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>lower parts of the earth?</del> <ins>lower, earthly regions?</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 4:10]</b> He <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> descended is the <del>same also that</del> <ins>very one who</ins> ascended <del>up far above</del> <ins>higher than</ins> all <ins>the</ins> heavens, <del>that he might</del> <ins>in order to</ins> fill <del>all things.)</del> <ins>the whole universe.)</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 4:11]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>It was</ins> he <ins>who</ins> gave <del>some, apostles;</del> <ins>some to be apostles, some to be prophets, some to be evangelists,</ins> and <del>some, prophets; and some, evangelists; and some,</del> <ins>some to be</ins> pastors and <del>teachers;</del> <ins>teachers,</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 4:12]</b> <del>For the perfecting of the saints,</del> <ins>to prepare God's people</ins> for <del>the work</del> <ins>works</ins> of <del>the ministry, for the edifying of</del> <ins>service, so that</ins> the body of <del>Christ:</del> <ins>Christ may be built up</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 4:13]</b> <del>Till</del> <ins>until</ins> we all <del>come</del> <ins>reach unity</ins> in the <del>unity of the faith,</del> <ins>faith</ins> and <del>of</del> <ins>in</ins> the knowledge of the Son of <del>God, unto a perfect man, unto</del> <ins>God and become mature, attaining to</ins> the <ins>whole</ins> measure of the <del>stature</del> <ins>fullness</ins> of <del>the fulness of Christ:</del> <ins>Christ.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 4:14]</b> <del>That</del> <ins>Then</ins> we <del>henceforth be</del> <ins>will</ins> no <del>more children,</del> <ins>longer be infants,</ins> tossed <del>to</del> <ins>back</ins> and <del>fro,</del> <ins>forth by the waves,</ins> and <del>carried about with</del> <ins>blown here and there by</ins> every wind of <del>doctrine,</del> <ins>teaching and</ins> by the <del>sleight of men, and</del> cunning <del>craftiness, whereby they lie</del> <ins>and craftiness of men</ins> in <del>wait to deceive;</del> <ins>their deceitful scheming.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 4:15]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>Instead,</ins> speaking the truth in love, <del>may</del> <ins>we will in all things</ins> grow up into him <del>in all things, which</del> <ins>who</ins> is the <del>head, even Christ:</del> <ins>Head, that is, Christ.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 4:16]</b> From <del>whom</del> <ins>him</ins> the whole <del>body fitly</del> <ins>body,</ins> joined <del>together</del> and <del>compacted</del> <ins>held together</ins> by <del>that which</del> every <del>joint supplieth, according to the effectual working in the measure of every part, maketh increase of the body unto the edifying of</del> <ins>supporting ligament, grows and builds</ins> itself <ins>up</ins> in <del>love.</del> <ins>love, as each part does its work.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 4:17]</b> <del>This</del> <ins>So</ins> I <del>say therefore,</del> <ins>tell you this,</ins> and <del>testify</del> <ins>insist on it</ins> in the Lord, that <del>ye henceforth walk not</del> <ins>you must no longer live</ins> as <del>other</del> <ins>the</ins> Gentiles <del>walk,</del> <ins>do,</ins> in the <del>vanity</del> <ins>futility</ins> of their <del>mind,</del> <ins>thinking.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 4:18]</b> <del>Having the</del> <ins>They are darkened in their</ins> understanding <del>darkened, being alienated</del> <ins>and separated</ins> from the life of God <del>through</del> <ins>because of</ins> the ignorance that is in <del>them, because of</del> <ins>them due to</ins> the <del>blindness</del> <ins>hardening</ins> of their <del>heart:</del> <ins>hearts.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 4:19]</b> <del>Who being past feeling</del> <ins>Having lost all sensitivity, they</ins> have given themselves over <del>unto lasciviousness,</del> to <del>work all uncleanness</del> <ins>sensuality so as to indulge in every kind of impurity,</ins> with <del>greediness.</del> <ins>a continual lust for more.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 4:20]</b> <del>But ye have</del> <ins>You, however, did</ins> not <del>so learned Christ;</del> <ins>come to know Christ that way.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 4:21]</b> <del>If so be that ye have</del> <ins>Surely you</ins> heard <del>him,</del> <ins>of him</ins> and <del>have been</del> <ins>were</ins> taught <del>by him, as</del> <ins>in him in accordance with</ins> the truth <ins>that</ins> is in <del>Jesus:</del> <ins>Jesus.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 4:22]</b> <del>That ye</del> <ins>You were taught, with regard to your former way of life, to</ins> put off <del>concerning the former conversation the</del> <ins>your</ins> old <del>man,</del> <ins>self,</ins> which is <del>corrupt according to the</del> <ins>being corrupted by its</ins> deceitful <del>lusts;</del> <ins>desires;</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 4:23]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>to</ins> be <del>renewed</del> <ins>made new</ins> in the <del>spirit</del> <ins>attitude</ins> of your <del>mind;</del> <ins>minds;</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 4:24]</b> <del>And that ye</del> <ins>and to</ins> put on the new <del>man, which after God is</del> <ins>self,</ins> created <ins>to be like God</ins> in <ins>true</ins> righteousness and <del>true</del> holiness.</p><p><b>[Ephesians 4:25]</b> <del>Wherefore putting away lying,</del> <ins>Therefore each of you must put off falsehood and</ins> speak <del>every man truth with</del> <ins>truthfully to</ins> his <del>neighbour:</del> <ins>neighbor,</ins> for we are <ins>all</ins> members <del>one</del> of <del>another.</del> <ins>one body.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 4:26]</b> <del>Be ye angry, and sin not: let</del> <ins>"In your anger do</ins> not <ins>sin": Do not let</ins> the sun go down <del>upon your wrath:</del> <ins>while you are still angry,</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 4:27]</b> <del>Neither</del> <ins>and do not</ins> give <del>place to</del> the <del>devil.</del> <ins>devil a foothold.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 4:28]</b> <del>Let him that stole</del> <ins>He who has been stealing must</ins> steal no <del>more:</del> <ins>longer,</ins> but <del>rather let him labour, working</del> <ins>must work, doing something useful</ins> with his <del>hands the thing which is good,</del> <ins>own hands,</ins> that he may have <ins>something</ins> to <del>give to him that needeth.</del> <ins>share with those in need.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 4:29]</b> <del>Let no corrupt communication proceed</del> <ins>Do not let any unwholesome talk come</ins> out of your <del>mouth,</del> <ins>mouths,</ins> but <del>that which</del> <ins>only what</ins> is <del>good</del> <ins>helpful for building others up according</ins> to <del>the use of edifying,</del> <ins>their needs,</ins> that it may <del>minister grace unto the hearers.</del> <ins>benefit those who listen.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 4:30]</b> And <del>grieve</del> <ins>do</ins> not <ins>grieve</ins> the <del>holy</del> <ins>Holy</ins> Spirit of God, <del>whereby ye are</del> <ins>with whom you were</ins> sealed <del>unto</del> <ins>for</ins> the day of redemption.</p><p><b>[Ephesians 4:31]</b> <del>Let</del> <ins>Get rid of</ins> all bitterness, <del>and wrath,</del> <ins>rage</ins> and anger, <ins>brawling</ins> and <del>clamour, and evil speaking, be put away from you,</del> <ins>slander, along</ins> with <del>all malice:</del> <ins>every form of malice.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 4:32]</b> <del>And be ye</del> <ins>Be</ins> kind <del>one</del> <ins>and compassionate</ins> to <del>another, tenderhearted, forgiving</del> one another, <del>even</del> <ins>forgiving each other, just</ins> as <ins>in Christ</ins> God <del>for Christ's sake hath forgiven</del> <ins>forgave</ins> you.</p><p><b>[Ephesians 5:1]</b> Be <del>ye therefore followers</del> <ins>imitators</ins> of God, <ins>therefore,</ins> as <del>dear children;</del> <ins>dearly loved children</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 5:2]</b> <del>And walk in</del> <ins>and live a life of</ins> love, <ins>just</ins> as Christ <del>also hath</del> loved <del>us,</del> <ins>us</ins> and <del>hath given</del> <ins>gave</ins> himself <ins>up</ins> for us <del>an</del> <ins>as a fragrant</ins> offering and <del>a</del> sacrifice to <del>God for a sweetsmelling savour.</del> <ins>God.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 5:3]</b> But <del>fornication, and all uncleanness, or covetousness, let it</del> <ins>among you there must</ins> not be <del>once named among you, as becometh saints;</del> <ins>even a hint of sexual immorality, or of any kind of impurity, or of greed, because these are improper for God's holy people.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 5:4]</b> <del>Neither filthiness, nor</del> <ins>Nor should there be obscenity,</ins> foolish <del>talking, nor jesting,</del> <ins>talk or coarse joking,</ins> which are <del>not convenient:</del> <ins>out of place,</ins> but rather <del>giving of thanks.</del> <ins>thanksgiving.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 5:5]</b> For <ins>of</ins> this <del>ye know, that no whoremonger, nor unclean person, nor covetous man, who</del> <ins>you can be sure: No immoral, impure or greedy person--such a man</ins> is an <del>idolater, hath</del> <ins>idolater--has</ins> any inheritance in the kingdom of Christ and of God.</p><p><b>[Ephesians 5:6]</b> Let no <del>man</del> <ins>one</ins> deceive you with <del>vain words:</del> <ins>empty words,</ins> for because of <del>these</del> <ins>such</ins> things <del>cometh the</del> <ins>God's</ins> wrath <del>of God upon the children of disobedience.</del> <ins>comes on those who are disobedient.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 5:7]</b> <del>Be</del> <ins>Therefore do</ins> not <del>ye therefore partakers</del> <ins>be partners</ins> with them.</p><p><b>[Ephesians 5:8]</b> For <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> were <del>sometimes</del> <ins>once</ins> darkness, but now <ins>you</ins> are <del>ye</del> light in the <del>Lord: walk</del> <ins>Lord. Live</ins> as children of <del>light:</del> <ins>light</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 5:9]</b> <del>(For</del> <ins>(for</ins> the fruit of the <del>Spirit is</del> <ins>light consists</ins> in all <del>goodness and</del> <ins>goodness,</ins> righteousness and <del>truth;)</del> <ins>truth)</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 5:10]</b> <del>Proving</del> <ins>and find out</ins> what <del>is acceptable unto</del> <ins>pleases</ins> the Lord.</p><p><b>[Ephesians 5:11]</b> <del>And have no fellowship</del> <ins>Have nothing to do</ins> with the <del>unfruitful works</del> <ins>fruitless deeds</ins> of darkness, but rather <del>reprove</del> <ins>expose</ins> them.</p><p><b>[Ephesians 5:12]</b> For it is <del>a shame</del> <ins>shameful</ins> even to <del>speak of those things which are done of them</del> <ins>mention what the disobedient do</ins> in secret.</p><p><b>[Ephesians 5:13]</b> But <del>all things that are reproved are made manifest</del> <ins>everything exposed</ins> by the <del>light: for whatsoever doth make manifest is light.</del> <ins>light becomes visible,</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 5:14]</b> <del>Wherefore he saith, Awake thou</del> <ins>for it is light</ins> that <del>sleepest, and arise</del> <ins>makes everything visible. This is why it is said: "Wake up, O sleeper, rise</ins> from the dead, and Christ <del>shall give thee light.</del> <ins>will shine on you."</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 5:15]</b> <del>See then that ye walk circumspectly, not</del> <ins>Be very careful, then, how you live--not</ins> as <del>fools,</del> <ins>unwise</ins> but as wise,</p><p><b>[Ephesians 5:16]</b> <del>Redeeming</del> <ins>making</ins> the <del>time,</del> <ins>most of every opportunity,</ins> because the days are evil.</p><p><b>[Ephesians 5:17]</b> <del>Wherefore be ye</del> <ins>Therefore do</ins> not <del>unwise,</del> <ins>be foolish,</ins> but <del>understanding</del> <ins>understand</ins> what the <ins>Lord's</ins> will <del>of the Lord</del> is.</p><p><b>[Ephesians 5:18]</b> <del>And be</del> <ins>Do</ins> not <ins>get</ins> drunk <del>with</del> <ins>on</ins> wine, <del>wherein is excess; but</del> <ins>which leads to debauchery. Instead,</ins> be filled with the <del>Spirit;</del> <ins>Spirit.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 5:19]</b> <del>Speaking</del> <ins>Speak</ins> to <del>yourselves in psalms and</del> <ins>one another with psalms,</ins> hymns and spiritual <del>songs, singing</del> <ins>songs. Sing</ins> and <del>making melody</del> <ins>make music</ins> in your heart to the <del>Lord;</del> <ins>Lord,</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 5:20]</b> <del>Giving thanks</del> always <del>for all things unto</del> <ins>giving thanks to</ins> God <del>and</del> the Father <ins>for everything,</ins> in the name of our Lord Jesus <del>Christ;</del> <ins>Christ.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 5:21]</b> <del>Submitting yourselves one</del> <ins>Submit</ins> to <ins>one</ins> another <del>in the fear</del> <ins>out</ins> of <del>God.</del> <ins>reverence for Christ.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 5:22]</b> Wives, submit <del>yourselves unto</del> <ins>to</ins> your <del>own husbands,</del> <ins>husbands</ins> as <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the Lord.</p><p><b>[Ephesians 5:23]</b> For the husband is the head of the <del>wife, even</del> <ins>wife</ins> as Christ is the head of the <del>church: and</del> <ins>church, his body, of which</ins> he is the <del>saviour of the body.</del> <ins>Savior.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 5:24]</b> <del>Therefore</del> <ins>Now</ins> as the church <del>is subject unto</del> <ins>submits to</ins> Christ, so <del>let the</del> <ins>also</ins> wives <del>be</del> <ins>should submit</ins> to their <del>own</del> husbands in <del>every thing.</del> <ins>everything.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 5:25]</b> Husbands, love your wives, <del>even</del> <ins>just</ins> as Christ <del>also</del> loved the <del>church,</del> <ins>church</ins> and gave himself <ins>up</ins> for <del>it;</del> <ins>her</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 5:26]</b> <del>That he might sanctify and cleanse it with the washing of water</del> <ins>to make her holy, cleansing her</ins> by the <ins>washing with water through the</ins> word,</p><p><b>[Ephesians 5:27]</b> <del>That he might</del> <ins>and to</ins> present <del>it</del> <ins>her</ins> to himself <ins>as</ins> a <del>glorious</del> <ins>radiant</ins> church, <del>not having spot,</del> <ins>without stain</ins> or <del>wrinkle,</del> <ins>wrinkle</ins> or any <del>such thing;</del> <ins>other blemish,</ins> but <del>that it should be</del> holy and <del>without blemish.</del> <ins>blameless.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 5:28]</b> <del>So</del> <ins>In this same way, husbands</ins> ought <del>men</del> to love their wives as their own bodies. He <del>that loveth</del> <ins>who loves</ins> his wife <del>loveth</del> <ins>loves</ins> himself.</p><p><b>[Ephesians 5:29]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>After all,</ins> no <del>man</del> <ins>one</ins> ever <del>yet</del> hated his own <del>flesh;</del> <ins>body,</ins> but <del>nourisheth</del> <ins>he feeds</ins> and <del>cherisheth</del> <ins>cares for</ins> it, <del>even</del> <ins>just</ins> as <ins>Christ does</ins> the <del>Lord the church:</del> <ins>church--</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 5:30]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>for</ins> we are members of his <del>body, of his flesh, and of his bones.</del> <ins>body.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 5:31]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>"For</ins> this <del>cause shall</del> <ins>reason</ins> a man <ins>will</ins> leave his father and <del>mother,</del> <ins>mother</ins> and <del>shall</del> be <del>joined unto</del> <ins>united to</ins> his wife, and <del>they</del> <ins>the</ins> two <del>shall be</del> <ins>will become</ins> one <del>flesh.</del> <ins>flesh."</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 5:32]</b> This is a <del>great mystery: but</del> <ins>profound mystery--but</ins> I <del>speak concerning</del> <ins>am talking about</ins> Christ and the church.</p><p><b>[Ephesians 5:33]</b> <del>Nevertheless let every</del> <ins>However, each</ins> one of you <del>in particular so</del> <ins>also must</ins> love his wife <del>even</del> as <del>himself;</del> <ins>he loves himself,</ins> and the wife <del>see that she reverence</del> <ins>must respect</ins> her husband.</p><p><b>[Ephesians 6:1]</b> Children, obey your parents in the <del>Lord:</del> <ins>Lord,</ins> for this is right.</p><p><b>[Ephesians 6:2]</b> <del>Honour thy</del> <ins>"Honor your</ins> father and <del>mother; which</del> <ins>mother"--which</ins> is the first commandment with <del>promise;</del> <ins>a promise--</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 6:3]</b> <del>That</del> <ins>"that</ins> it may <del>be</del> <ins>go</ins> well with <del>thee,</del> <ins>you</ins> and <del>thou mayest live</del> <ins>that you may enjoy</ins> long <ins>life</ins> on the <del>earth.</del> <ins>earth."</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 6:4]</b> <del>And, ye fathers, provoke</del> <ins>Fathers, do</ins> not <ins>exasperate</ins> your <del>children to wrath: but</del> <ins>children; instead,</ins> bring them up in the <del>nurture</del> <ins>training</ins> and <del>admonition</del> <ins>instruction</ins> of the Lord.</p><p><b>[Ephesians 6:5]</b> <del>Servants, be obedient to them that are</del> <ins>Slaves, obey</ins> your <ins>earthly</ins> masters <del>according to the flesh,</del> with <del>fear</del> <ins>respect</ins> and <del>trembling, in singleness</del> <ins>fear, and with sincerity</ins> of <del>your</del> heart, <ins>just</ins> as <del>unto Christ;</del> <ins>you would obey Christ.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 6:6]</b> <del>Not with eyeservice, as menpleasers;</del> <ins>Obey them not only to win their favor when their eye is on you,</ins> but <del>as the servants</del> <ins>like slaves</ins> of Christ, doing the will of God from <del>the heart;</del> <ins>your heart.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 6:7]</b> <del>With good will doing service,</del> <ins>Serve wholeheartedly,</ins> as <del>to</del> <ins>if you were serving</ins> the Lord, <del>and</del> not <del>to men:</del> <ins>men,</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 6:8]</b> <del>Knowing</del> <ins>because you know</ins> that <del>whatsoever good thing any man doeth,</del> the <del>same shall</del> <ins>Lord will reward everyone for whatever good</ins> he <del>receive of the Lord,</del> <ins>does,</ins> whether he <del>be bond</del> <ins>is slave</ins> or free.</p><p><b>[Ephesians 6:9]</b> <del>And, ye</del> <ins>And</ins> masters, <del>do</del> <ins>treat your slaves in</ins> the same <del>things unto</del> <ins>way. Do not threaten</ins> them, <del>forbearing threatening: knowing</del> <ins>since you know</ins> that <del>your</del> <ins>he who is both their</ins> Master <del>also</del> <ins>and yours</ins> is in <del>heaven; neither is</del> <ins>heaven, and</ins> there <del>respect of persons</del> <ins>is no favoritism</ins> with him.</p><p><b>[Ephesians 6:10]</b> Finally, <del>my brethren,</del> be strong in the <del>Lord,</del> <ins>Lord</ins> and in <del>the power of</del> his <del>might.</del> <ins>mighty power.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 6:11]</b> Put on the <del>whole armour</del> <ins>full armor</ins> of <del>God,</del> <ins>God so</ins> that <del>ye may be able to</del> <ins>you can take your</ins> stand against the <del>wiles of the devil.</del> <ins>devil's schemes.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 6:12]</b> For <del>we wrestle</del> <ins>our struggle is</ins> not against flesh and blood, but against <del>principalities, against powers,</del> <ins>the rulers,</ins> against the <del>rulers of</del> <ins>authorities, against</ins> the <del>darkness</del> <ins>powers</ins> of this <del>world,</del> <ins>dark world and</ins> against <ins>the</ins> spiritual <del>wickedness</del> <ins>forces of evil</ins> in <del>high places.</del> <ins>the heavenly realms.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 6:13]</b> <del>Wherefore take unto you</del> <ins>Therefore put on</ins> the <del>whole armour</del> <ins>full armor</ins> of God, <ins>so</ins> that <del>ye</del> <ins>when the day of evil comes, you</ins> may be able to <del>withstand in the evil day,</del> <ins>stand your ground,</ins> and <del>having</del> <ins>after you have</ins> done <del>all,</del> <ins>everything,</ins> to stand.</p><p><b>[Ephesians 6:14]</b> Stand <del>therefore, having your loins girt about</del> <ins>firm then,</ins> with <del>truth, and having on</del> <ins>the belt of truth buckled around your waist, with</ins> the breastplate of <del>righteousness;</del> <ins>righteousness in place,</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 6:15]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and with</ins> your feet <del>shod</del> <ins>fitted</ins> with the <del>preparation of</del> <ins>readiness that comes from</ins> the gospel of <del>peace;</del> <ins>peace.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 6:16]</b> <del>Above all, taking</del> <ins>In addition to all this, take up</ins> the shield of faith, <del>wherewith ye shall be able to quench</del> <ins>with which you can extinguish</ins> all the <del>fiery darts</del> <ins>flaming arrows</ins> of the <del>wicked.</del> <ins>evil one.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 6:17]</b> <del>And take</del> <ins>Take</ins> the helmet of <del>salvation,</del> <ins>salvation</ins> and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of <del>God:</del> <ins>God.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 6:18]</b> <del>Praying always with all prayer and supplication</del> <ins>And pray</ins> in the <del>Spirit, and watching thereunto</del> <ins>Spirit on all occasions</ins> with all <del>perseverance</del> <ins>kinds of prayers</ins> and <del>supplication</del> <ins>requests. With this in mind, be alert and always keep on praying</ins> for all <del>saints;</del> <ins>the saints.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 6:19]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Pray also</ins> for me, that <del>utterance</del> <ins>whenever I open my mouth, words</ins> may be given <del>unto me,</del> <ins>me so</ins> that I <del>may open my mouth boldly, to</del> <ins>will fearlessly</ins> make known the mystery of the gospel,</p><p><b>[Ephesians 6:20]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>for</ins> which I am an ambassador in <del>bonds:</del> <ins>chains. Pray</ins> that <del>therein</del> I may <del>speak boldly,</del> <ins>declare it fearlessly,</ins> as I <del>ought to speak.</del> <ins>should.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 6:21]</b> <del>But that ye also may know my affairs, and how I do,</del> Tychicus, <del>a beloved</del> <ins>the dear</ins> brother and faithful <del>minister</del> <ins>servant</ins> in the Lord, <del>shall make known to</del> <ins>will tell</ins> you <del>all things:</del> <ins>everything, so that you also may know how I am and what I am doing.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 6:22]</b> <del>Whom</del> I <del>have sent unto</del> <ins>am sending him to</ins> you for <del>the same</del> <ins>this very</ins> purpose, that <del>ye might</del> <ins>you may</ins> know <del>our affairs,</del> <ins>how we are,</ins> and that he <del>might comfort your hearts.</del> <ins>may encourage you.</ins></p><p><b>[Ephesians 6:23]</b> Peace <del>be</del> to the <del>brethren,</del> <ins>brothers,</ins> and love with <del>faith,</del> <ins>faith</ins> from God the Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.</p><p><b>[Ephesians 6:24]</b> Grace <del>be with</del> <ins>to</ins> all <del>them that</del> <ins>who</ins> love our Lord Jesus Christ <del>in sincerity. Amen.</del> <ins>with an undying love.</ins></p>