<p><b>[Ezra 1:1]</b> <del>Now in</del> <ins>In</ins> the first year of Cyrus king of Persia, <del>that</del> <ins>in order to fulfill</ins> the word of the LORD <ins>spoken</ins> by <del>the mouth of Jeremiah might be fulfilled,</del> <ins>Jeremiah,</ins> the LORD <del>stirred up</del> <ins>moved</ins> the <del>spirit</del> <ins>heart</ins> of Cyrus king of <del>Persia, that he made</del> <ins>Persia to make</ins> a proclamation throughout <del>all</del> his <del>kingdom,</del> <ins>realm</ins> and <ins>to</ins> put it <del>also</del> in <del>writing, saying,</del> <ins>writing:</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 1:2]</b> <del>Thus saith</del> <ins>"This is what</ins> Cyrus king of <del>Persia, The LORD</del> <ins>Persia says: "'The LORD, the</ins> God of <del>heaven hath</del> <ins>heaven, has</ins> given me all the kingdoms of the <del>earth;</del> <ins>earth</ins> and he <del>hath charged</del> <ins>has appointed</ins> me to build <ins>a temple for</ins> him <del>an house</del> at <del>Jerusalem, which is</del> <ins>Jerusalem</ins> in Judah.</p><p><b>[Ezra 1:3]</b> <del>Who is there among you</del> <ins>Anyone</ins> of <del>all</del> his <del>people?</del> <ins>people among you-may</ins> his God be with him, and let him go up to <del>Jerusalem, which is</del> <ins>Jerusalem</ins> in <del>Judah,</del> <ins>Judah</ins> and build the <del>house</del> <ins>temple</ins> of the <del>LORD</del> <ins>LORD, the</ins> God of Israel, <del>(he is</del> the <del>God,) which</del> <ins>God who</ins> is in Jerusalem.</p><p><b>[Ezra 1:4]</b> And <del>whosoever remaineth in</del> <ins>the people of</ins> any place where <del>he sojourneth, let the men of his place help</del> <ins>survivors may now be living are to provide</ins> him with <del>silver,</del> <ins>silver and gold, with goods and livestock,</ins> and with <del>gold, and with goods, and with beasts, beside the</del> freewill <del>offering</del> <ins>offerings</ins> for the <del>house</del> <ins>temple</ins> of God <del>that is</del> in <del>Jerusalem.</del> <ins>Jerusalem.'"</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 1:5]</b> Then <del>rose up</del> the <del>chief of the fathers</del> <ins>family heads</ins> of Judah and Benjamin, and the <del>priests,</del> <ins>priests</ins> and <del>the Levites, with all them</del> <ins>Levites-everyone</ins> whose <del>spirit</del> <ins>heart</ins> God had <del>raised,</del> <ins>moved-prepared</ins> to go up <del>to</del> <ins>and</ins> build the house of the LORD <del>which is</del> in Jerusalem.</p><p><b>[Ezra 1:6]</b> <del>And all they that were about them strengthened</del> <ins>All</ins> their <del>hands</del> <ins>neighbors assisted them</ins> with <del>vessels</del> <ins>articles</ins> of <del>silver, with</del> <ins>silver and</ins> gold, with <del>goods,</del> <ins>goods and livestock,</ins> and with <del>beasts, and with precious things, beside</del> <ins>valuable gifts, in addition to</ins> all <del>that was willingly offered.</del> <ins>the freewill offerings.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 1:7]</b> <del>Also</del> <ins>Moreover, King</ins> Cyrus <del>the king</del> brought <del>forth</del> <ins>out</ins> the <del>vessels of</del> <ins>articles belonging to</ins> the <del>house</del> <ins>temple</ins> of the LORD, which Nebuchadnezzar had <del>brought forth out of Jerusalem,</del> <ins>carried away from Jerusalem</ins> and had <del>put them</del> <ins>placed</ins> in the <del>house</del> <ins>temple</ins> of his <del>gods;</del> <ins>god.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 1:8]</b> <del>Even those did</del> Cyrus king of Persia <del>bring forth</del> <ins>had them brought</ins> by <del>the hand of</del> Mithredath the treasurer, <del>and numbered</del> <ins>who counted</ins> them <del>unto Sheshbazzar,</del> <ins>out to Sheshbazzar</ins> the prince of Judah.</p><p><b>[Ezra 1:9]</b> <del>And this is</del> <ins>This was</ins> the <del>number of them: thirty chargers of gold, a thousand chargers of silver, nine and twenty knives,</del> <ins>inventory: gold dishes 30 silver dishes 1,000 silver pans 29</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 1:10]</b> <del>Thirty basons of gold,</del> <ins>gold bowls 30 matching</ins> silver <del>basons of a second sort four hundred and ten, and</del> <ins>bowls 410</ins> other <del>vessels a thousand.</del> <ins>articles 1,000</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 1:11]</b> <del>All the vessels</del> <ins>In all, there were 5,400 articles</ins> of gold and of <del>silver were five thousand and four hundred. All these did</del> <ins>silver.</ins> Sheshbazzar <del>bring up with them of the captivity that were</del> brought <ins>all these along when the exiles came</ins> up from Babylon <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> Jerusalem.</p><p><b>[Ezra 2:1]</b> Now these are the <del>children</del> <ins>people</ins> of the province <del>that went</del> <ins>who came</ins> up <del>out</del> <ins>from the captivity</ins> of the <del>captivity, of those which had been carried away,</del> <ins>exiles,</ins> whom Nebuchadnezzar <del>the</del> king of Babylon had <del>carried away unto Babylon, and came again unto</del> <ins>taken captive to Babylon (they returned to</ins> Jerusalem and Judah, <del>every one unto</del> <ins>each to</ins> his <del>city;</del> <ins>own town,</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:2]</b> <del>Which came</del> <ins>in company</ins> with <del>Zerubbabel:</del> <ins>Zerubbabel,</ins> Jeshua, Nehemiah, Seraiah, Reelaiah, Mordecai, Bilshan, <del>Mizpar,</del> <ins>Mispar,</ins> Bigvai, <del>Rehum, Baanah.</del> <ins>Rehum and Baanah):</ins> The <del>number</del> <ins>list</ins> of the men of the people of Israel:</p><p><b>[Ezra 2:3]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the descendants</ins> of <del>Parosh, two thousand an hundred seventy and two.</del> <ins>Parosh 2,172</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:4]</b> <del>The children</del> of <del>Shephatiah, three hundred seventy and two.</del> <ins>Shephatiah 372</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:5]</b> <del>The children</del> of <del>Arah, seven hundred seventy and five.</del> <ins>Arah 775</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:6]</b> <del>The children</del> of <del>Pahathmoab, of</del> <ins>Pahath-Moab (through</ins> the <del>children</del> <ins>line</ins> of Jeshua and <del>Joab, two thousand eight hundred and twelve.</del> <ins>Joab) 2,812</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:7]</b> <del>The children</del> of <del>Elam, a thousand two hundred fifty and four.</del> <ins>Elam 1,254</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:8]</b> <del>The children</del> of <del>Zattu, nine hundred forty and five.</del> <ins>Zattu 945</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:9]</b> <del>The children</del> of <del>Zaccai, seven hundred and threescore.</del> <ins>Zaccai 760</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:10]</b> <del>The children</del> of <del>Bani, six hundred forty and two.</del> <ins>Bani 642</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:11]</b> <del>The children</del> of <del>Bebai, six hundred twenty and three.</del> <ins>Bebai 623</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:12]</b> <del>The children</del> of <del>Azgad, a thousand two hundred twenty and two.</del> <ins>Azgad 1,222</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:13]</b> <del>The children</del> of <del>Adonikam, six hundred sixty and six.</del> <ins>Adonikam 666</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:14]</b> <del>The children</del> of <del>Bigvai, two thousand fifty and six.</del> <ins>Bigvai 2,056</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:15]</b> <del>The children</del> of <del>Adin, four hundred fifty and four.</del> <ins>Adin 454</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:16]</b> <del>The children</del> of Ater <del>of Hezekiah, ninety and eight.</del> <ins>(through Hezekiah) 98</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:17]</b> <del>The children</del> of <del>Bezai, three hundred twenty and three.</del> <ins>Bezai 323</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:18]</b> <del>The children</del> of <del>Jorah, an hundred and twelve.</del> <ins>Jorah 112</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:19]</b> <del>The children</del> of <del>Hashum, two hundred twenty and three.</del> <ins>Hashum 223</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:20]</b> <del>The children</del> of <del>Gibbar, ninety and five.</del> <ins>Gibbar 95</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:21]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the men</ins> of <del>Bethlehem, an hundred twenty and three.</del> <ins>Bethlehem 123</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:22]</b> <del>The men</del> of <del>Netophah, fifty and six.</del> <ins>Netophah 56</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:23]</b> <del>The men</del> of <del>Anathoth, an hundred twenty and eight.</del> <ins>Anathoth 128</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:24]</b> <del>The children</del> of <del>Azmaveth, forty and two.</del> <ins>Azmaveth 42</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:25]</b> <del>The children</del> of <del>Kirjatharim, Chephirah,</del> <ins>Kiriath Jearim, Kephirah</ins> and <del>Beeroth, seven hundred and forty and three.</del> <ins>Beeroth 743</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:26]</b> <del>The children</del> of Ramah and <del>Gaba, six hundred twenty and one.</del> <ins>Geba 621</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:27]</b> <del>The men</del> of <del>Michmas, an hundred twenty and two.</del> <ins>Micmash 122</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:28]</b> <del>The men</del> of Bethel and <del>Ai, two hundred twenty and three.</del> <ins>Ai 223</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:29]</b> <del>The children</del> of <del>Nebo, fifty and two.</del> <ins>Nebo 52</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:30]</b> <del>The children</del> of <del>Magbish, an hundred fifty and six.</del> <ins>Magbish 156</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:31]</b> <del>The children</del> of the other <del>Elam, a thousand two hundred fifty and four.</del> <ins>Elam 1,254</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:32]</b> <del>The children</del> of <del>Harim, three hundred and twenty.</del> <ins>Harim 320</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:33]</b> <del>The children</del> of Lod, <del>Hadid,</del> <ins>Hadid</ins> and <del>Ono, seven hundred twenty and five.</del> <ins>Ono 725</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:34]</b> <del>The children</del> of <del>Jericho, three hundred forty and five.</del> <ins>Jericho 345</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:35]</b> <del>The children</del> of <del>Senaah, three thousand and six hundred and thirty.</del> <ins>Senaah 3,630</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:36]</b> The priests: the <del>children</del> <ins>descendants</ins> of <del>Jedaiah, of</del> <ins>Jedaiah (through</ins> the <del>house</del> <ins>family</ins> of <del>Jeshua, nine hundred seventy and three.</del> <ins>Jeshua) 973</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:37]</b> <del>The children</del> of <del>Immer, a thousand fifty and two.</del> <ins>Immer 1,052</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:38]</b> <del>The children</del> of <del>Pashur, a thousand two hundred forty and seven.</del> <ins>Pashhur 1,247</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:39]</b> <del>The children</del> of <del>Harim, a thousand and seventeen.</del> <ins>Harim 1,017</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:40]</b> The Levites: the <del>children</del> <ins>descendants</ins> of Jeshua and <del>Kadmiel, of</del> <ins>Kadmiel (through</ins> the <del>children</del> <ins>line</ins> of <del>Hodaviah, seventy and four.</del> <ins>Hodaviah) 74</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:41]</b> The singers: the <del>children</del> <ins>descendants</ins> of <del>Asaph, an hundred twenty and eight.</del> <ins>Asaph 128</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:42]</b> The <del>children</del> <ins>gatekeepers</ins> of the <del>porters:</del> <ins>temple:</ins> the <del>children</del> <ins>descendants</ins> of Shallum, <del>the children of</del> Ater, <del>the children of</del> Talmon, <del>the children of</del> Akkub, <del>the children of Hatita, the children of Shobai, in all an hundred thirty</del> <ins>Hatita</ins> and <del>nine.</del> <ins>Shobai 139</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:43]</b> The <del>Nethinims:</del> <ins>temple servants:</ins> the <del>children</del> <ins>descendants</ins> of Ziha, <del>the children of</del> Hasupha, <del>the children of</del> Tabbaoth,</p><p><b>[Ezra 2:44]</b> <del>The children of</del> Keros, <del>the children of</del> Siaha, <del>the children of</del> Padon,</p><p><b>[Ezra 2:45]</b> <del>The children of</del> Lebanah, <del>the children of</del> Hagabah, <del>the children of</del> Akkub,</p><p><b>[Ezra 2:46]</b> <del>The children of</del> Hagab, <del>the children of</del> Shalmai, <del>the children of</del> Hanan,</p><p><b>[Ezra 2:47]</b> <del>The children of</del> Giddel, <del>the children of</del> Gahar, <del>the children of</del> Reaiah,</p><p><b>[Ezra 2:48]</b> <del>The children of</del> Rezin, <del>the children of</del> Nekoda, <del>the children of</del> Gazzam,</p><p><b>[Ezra 2:49]</b> <del>The children of</del> Uzza, <del>the children of</del> Paseah, <del>the children of</del> Besai,</p><p><b>[Ezra 2:50]</b> <del>The children of</del> Asnah, <del>the children of Mehunim, the children of Nephusim,</del> <ins>Meunim, Nephussim,</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:51]</b> <del>The children of</del> Bakbuk, <del>the children of</del> Hakupha, <del>the children of</del> Harhur,</p><p><b>[Ezra 2:52]</b> <del>The children of</del> Bazluth, <del>the children of</del> Mehida, <del>the children of</del> Harsha,</p><p><b>[Ezra 2:53]</b> <del>The children of</del> Barkos, <del>the children of</del> Sisera, <del>the children of Thamah,</del> <ins>Temah,</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:54]</b> <del>The children of Neziah, the children of Hatipha.</del> <ins>Neziah and Hatipha</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:55]</b> The <del>children</del> <ins>descendants</ins> of <del>Solomon's servants:</del> the <del>children</del> <ins>servants of Solomon: the descendants</ins> of Sotai, <del>the children of Sophereth, the children of</del> <ins>Hassophereth,</ins> Peruda,</p><p><b>[Ezra 2:56]</b> <del>The children of Jaalah, the children of</del> <ins>Jaala,</ins> Darkon, <del>the children of</del> Giddel,</p><p><b>[Ezra 2:57]</b> <del>The children of</del> Shephatiah, <del>the children of</del> Hattil, <del>the children of Pochereth of Zebaim, the children of Ami.</del> <ins>Pokereth-Hazzebaim and Ami</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:58]</b> <del>All the Nethinims,</del> <ins>The temple servants</ins> and the <del>children</del> <ins>descendants</ins> of <del>Solomon's servants, were three hundred ninety and two.</del> <ins>the servants of Solomon 392</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:59]</b> <del>And these were they which went</del> <ins>The following came</ins> up from <del>Telmelah, Telharsa, Cherub, Addan,</del> <ins>the towns of Tel Melah, Tel Harsha, Kerub, Addon</ins> and <del>Immer:</del> <ins>Immer,</ins> but they could not <del>shew</del> <ins>show that</ins> their <del>father's house, and their seed, whether they</del> <ins>families</ins> were <del>of</del> <ins>descended from</ins> Israel:</p><p><b>[Ezra 2:60]</b> The <del>children</del> <ins>descendants</ins> of Delaiah, <del>the children of Tobiah, the children of Nekoda, six hundred fifty</del> <ins>Tobiah</ins> and <del>two.</del> <ins>Nekoda 652</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:61]</b> And <del>of the children of</del> <ins>from among</ins> the priests: <del>the children</del> <ins>The descendants</ins> of <del>Habaiah, the children of Koz, the children of Barzillai; which took</del> <ins>Hobaiah, Hakkoz and Barzillai (a man who had married</ins> a <del>wife of the daughters</del> <ins>daughter</ins> of Barzillai the <del>Gileadite,</del> <ins>Gileadite</ins> and was called <del>after their name:</del> <ins>by that name).</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:62]</b> These <del>sought</del> <ins>searched for</ins> their <del>register among those that were reckoned by genealogy,</del> <ins>family records,</ins> but they <del>were</del> <ins>could</ins> not <del>found: therefore</del> <ins>find them and so</ins> were <del>they, as polluted, put</del> <ins>excluded</ins> from the <del>priesthood.</del> <ins>priesthood as unclean.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:63]</b> <del>And the Tirshatha said unto them, that they should</del> <ins>The governor ordered them</ins> not <ins>to</ins> eat <ins>any</ins> of the most <del>holy things, till</del> <ins>sacred food until</ins> there <del>stood up</del> <ins>was</ins> a priest <ins>ministering</ins> with <ins>the</ins> Urim and <del>with</del> Thummim.</p><p><b>[Ezra 2:64]</b> The whole <del>congregation together was forty and two thousand three hundred and threescore,</del> <ins>company numbered 42,360,</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:65]</b> <del>Beside</del> <ins>besides</ins> their <del>servants</del> <ins>7,337 menservants</ins> and <del>their maids, of whom there were seven thousand three hundred thirty</del> <ins>maidservants;</ins> and <del>seven: and there were among them two hundred singing</del> <ins>they also had 200</ins> men and <del>singing women.</del> <ins>women singers.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:66]</b> <del>Their horses were seven hundred thirty and six; their</del> <ins>They had 736 horses, 245</ins> mules, <del>two hundred forty and five;</del></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:67]</b> <del>Their camels, four hundred thirty</del> <ins>435 camels</ins> and <del>five; their asses, six thousand seven hundred and twenty.</del> <ins>6,720 donkeys.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:68]</b> <del>And some of the chief of the fathers, when</del> <ins>When</ins> they <del>came to</del> <ins>arrived at</ins> the house of the LORD <del>which is at</del> <ins>in</ins> Jerusalem, <del>offered freely for</del> <ins>some of the heads of the families gave freewill offerings toward the rebuilding of</ins> the house of God <del>to set it up in his place:</del> <ins>on its site.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:69]</b> <del>They gave after</del> <ins>According to</ins> their ability <del>unto</del> <ins>they gave to</ins> the <del>treasure of the</del> <ins>treasury for this</ins> work <del>threescore and one thousand drams</del> <ins>61,000 drachmas</ins> of gold, <del>and five thousand pound</del> <ins>5,000 minas</ins> of <del>silver,</del> <ins>silver</ins> and <del>one hundred priests'</del> <ins>100 priestly</ins> garments.</p><p><b>[Ezra 2:70]</b> <del>So the</del> <ins>The</ins> priests, <del>and</del> the Levites, <ins>the singers, the gatekeepers</ins> and <ins>the temple servants settled in their own towns, along with</ins> some of the <ins>other</ins> people, and the <del>singers, and</del> <ins>rest of</ins> the <del>porters, and the Nethinims, dwelt</del> <ins>Israelites settled</ins> in their <del>cities, and all Israel in their cities.</del> <ins>towns.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 3:1]</b> <del>And when</del> <ins>When</ins> the seventh month <del>was come,</del> <ins>came</ins> and the <del>children of Israel were</del> <ins>Israelites had settled</ins> in <del>the cities,</del> <ins>their towns,</ins> the people <del>gathered themselves together</del> <ins>assembled</ins> as one man <del>to</del> <ins>in</ins> Jerusalem.</p><p><b>[Ezra 3:2]</b> Then <del>stood up</del> Jeshua <del>the</del> son of <del>Jozadak,</del> <ins>Jozadak</ins> and his <del>brethren the priests,</del> <ins>fellow priests</ins> and Zerubbabel <del>the</del> son of <del>Shealtiel,</del> <ins>Shealtiel</ins> and his <del>brethren, and builded</del> <ins>associates began to build</ins> the altar of the God of <del>Israel,</del> <ins>Israel</ins> to <del>offer</del> <ins>sacrifice</ins> burnt offerings <del>thereon, as it</del> <ins>on it, in accordance with what</ins> is written in the <del>law</del> <ins>Law</ins> of Moses the man of God.</p><p><b>[Ezra 3:3]</b> <del>And they set the altar upon his bases; for</del> <ins>Despite their</ins> fear <del>was upon them because</del> of the <del>people of those countries: and</del> <ins>peoples around them,</ins> they <del>offered</del> <ins>built the altar on its foundation and sacrificed</ins> burnt offerings <del>thereon unto</del> <ins>on it to</ins> the LORD, <del>even burnt offerings</del> <ins>both the</ins> morning and <del>evening.</del> <ins>evening sacrifices.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 3:4]</b> <del>They kept also the feast of tabernacles, as it</del> <ins>Then in accordance with what</ins> is written, <del>and offered</del> <ins>they celebrated</ins> the <del>daily</del> <ins>Feast of Tabernacles with the required number of</ins> burnt offerings <del>by number, according to the custom, as the duty of every day required;</del> <ins>prescribed for each day.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 3:5]</b> <del>And afterward offered</del> <ins>After that, they presented</ins> the <del>continual</del> <ins>regular</ins> burnt <del>offering, both of</del> <ins>offerings,</ins> the <del>new moons,</del> <ins>New Moon sacrifices</ins> and <del>of</del> <ins>the sacrifices for</ins> all the <del>set</del> <ins>appointed sacred</ins> feasts of the <del>LORD that were consecrated, and of every one that willingly offered a</del> <ins>LORD, as well as those brought as</ins> freewill <del>offering unto</del> <ins>offerings to</ins> the LORD.</p><p><b>[Ezra 3:6]</b> <del>From</del> <ins>On</ins> the first day of the seventh month <del>began</del> they <ins>began</ins> to offer burnt offerings <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>LORD. But</del> <ins>LORD, though</ins> the foundation of the <ins>LORD's</ins> temple <del>of the LORD was</del> <ins>had</ins> not yet <ins>been</ins> laid.</p><p><b>[Ezra 3:7]</b> <del>They</del> <ins>Then they</ins> gave money <del>also unto the masons, and</del> to the <del>carpenters;</del> <ins>masons</ins> and <del>meat,</del> <ins>carpenters,</ins> and <del>drink,</del> <ins>gave food</ins> and <del>oil, unto them of Zidon,</del> <ins>drink</ins> and <ins>oil</ins> to <del>them</del> <ins>the people</ins> of <ins>Sidon and</ins> Tyre, <del>to</del> <ins>so that they would</ins> bring cedar <del>trees</del> <ins>logs by sea</ins> from Lebanon to <del>the sea of</del> Joppa, <del>according to the grant that they had of</del> <ins>as authorized by</ins> Cyrus king of Persia.</p><p><b>[Ezra 3:8]</b> <del>Now in</del> <ins>In the second month of</ins> the second year <del>of</del> <ins>after</ins> their <del>coming unto</del> <ins>arrival at</ins> the house of God <del>at Jerusalem,</del> in <del>the second month, began</del> <ins>Jerusalem,</ins> Zerubbabel <del>the</del> son of Shealtiel, <del>and</del> Jeshua <del>the</del> son of <del>Jozadak,</del> <ins>Jozadak</ins> and the <del>remnant</del> <ins>rest</ins> of their <del>brethren the</del> <ins>brothers (the</ins> priests and the <del>Levites,</del> <ins>Levites</ins> and all <del>they that were come out of</del> <ins>who had returned from</ins> the captivity <del>unto Jerusalem; and appointed</del> <ins>to Jerusalem) began</ins> the <del>Levites, from</del> <ins>work, appointing Levites</ins> twenty years <del>old</del> <ins>of age</ins> and <del>upward,</del> <ins>older</ins> to <del>set forward</del> <ins>supervise</ins> the <del>work</del> <ins>building</ins> of the house of the LORD.</p><p><b>[Ezra 3:9]</b> <del>Then stood</del> Jeshua <del>with</del> <ins>and</ins> his sons and <del>his brethren,</del> <ins>brothers and</ins> Kadmiel and his <del>sons,</del> <ins>sons (descendants of Hodaviah ) and</ins> the sons of <del>Judah, together, to set forward the workmen in the house of God: the sons of Henadad, with</del> <ins>Henadad and</ins> their sons and <del>their brethren</del> <ins>brothers-all Levites-joined together in supervising those working on</ins> the <del>Levites.</del> <ins>house of God.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 3:10]</b> <del>And when</del> <ins>When</ins> the builders laid the foundation of the temple of the LORD, <del>they set</del> the priests in their <del>apparel</del> <ins>vestments and</ins> with trumpets, and the Levites <del>the</del> <ins>(the</ins> sons of <del>Asaph</del> <ins>Asaph)</ins> with cymbals, <ins>took their places</ins> to praise the LORD, <del>after the ordinance of</del> <ins>as prescribed by</ins> David king of Israel.</p><p><b>[Ezra 3:11]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>With praise and thanksgiving</ins> they sang <del>together by course in praising and giving thanks unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>LORD; because he</del> <ins>LORD: "He</ins> is <del>good, for</del> <ins>good;</ins> his <del>mercy endureth for ever toward Israel.</del> <ins>love to Israel endures forever."</ins> And all the people <del>shouted with</del> <ins>gave</ins> a great <del>shout, when they praised</del> <ins>shout of praise to</ins> the LORD, because the foundation of the house of the LORD was laid.</p><p><b>[Ezra 3:12]</b> But many of the <ins>older</ins> priests and Levites and <del>chief of the fathers,</del> <ins>family heads,</ins> who <del>were ancient men, that</del> had seen the <del>first house,</del> <ins>former temple, wept aloud</ins> when <ins>they saw</ins> the foundation of this <del>house was laid before their eyes, wept with a loud voice; and</del> <ins>temple being laid, while</ins> many <ins>others</ins> shouted <del>aloud</del> for <del>joy:</del> <ins>joy.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 3:13]</b> <del>So that the people</del> <ins>No one</ins> could <del>not discern</del> <ins>distinguish</ins> the <del>noise</del> <ins>sound</ins> of the <del>shout</del> <ins>shouts</ins> of joy from the <del>noise</del> <ins>sound</ins> of <del>the weeping of the people: for</del> <ins>weeping, because</ins> the people <del>shouted with a loud shout, and</del> <ins>made so much noise. And</ins> the <del>noise</del> <ins>sound</ins> was heard <del>afar off.</del> <ins>far away.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 4:1]</b> <del>Now when</del> <ins>When</ins> the <del>adversaries</del> <ins>enemies</ins> of Judah and Benjamin heard that the <del>children of the captivity builded the</del> <ins>exiles were building a</ins> temple <del>unto</del> <ins>for</ins> the <del>LORD</del> <ins>LORD, the</ins> God of <del>Israel;</del> <ins>Israel,</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 4:2]</b> <del>Then</del> they came to <del>Zerubbabel,</del> <ins>Zerubbabel</ins> and to the <del>chief</del> <ins>heads</ins> of the <del>fathers,</del> <ins>families</ins> and <del>said unto them, Let</del> <ins>said, "Let</ins> us <ins>help you</ins> build <del>with you: for</del> <ins>because, like you,</ins> we seek your <del>God, as ye do;</del> <ins>God</ins> and <del>we do sacrifice unto</del> <ins>have been sacrificing to</ins> him since the <del>days</del> <ins>time</ins> of Esarhaddon king of <del>Assur, which</del> <ins>Assyria, who</ins> brought us <del>up hither.</del> <ins>here."</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 4:3]</b> But Zerubbabel, <del>and Jeshua,</del> <ins>Jeshua</ins> and the rest of the <del>chief</del> <ins>heads</ins> of the <del>fathers</del> <ins>families</ins> of <del>Israel, said unto them, Ye</del> <ins>Israel answered, "You</ins> have <del>nothing to do</del> <ins>no part</ins> with us <ins>in building a temple</ins> to <del>build an house unto</del> our <del>God; but we ourselves together</del> <ins>God. We alone</ins> will build <del>unto</del> <ins>it for</ins> the <del>LORD</del> <ins>LORD, the</ins> God of Israel, as <del>king Cyrus</del> <ins>King Cyrus,</ins> the king of <del>Persia hath</del> <ins>Persia,</ins> commanded <del>us.</del> <ins>us."</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 4:4]</b> Then <ins>the peoples around them set out to discourage</ins> the people of <del>the land weakened the hands of the people of Judah,</del> <ins>Judah</ins> and <del>troubled</del> <ins>make</ins> them <del>in building,</del> <ins>afraid to go on building.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 4:5]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>They</ins> hired <del>counsellors against them,</del> <ins>counselors</ins> to <ins>work against them and</ins> frustrate their <del>purpose, all</del> <ins>plans during</ins> the <del>days</del> <ins>entire reign</ins> of Cyrus king of <del>Persia, even until</del> <ins>Persia and down to</ins> the reign of Darius king of Persia.</p><p><b>[Ezra 4:6]</b> <del>And in the reign of Ahasuerus, in</del> <ins>At</ins> the beginning of <del>his reign, wrote</del> <ins>the reign of Xerxes,</ins> they <del>unto him</del> <ins>lodged</ins> an accusation against the <del>inhabitants</del> <ins>people</ins> of Judah and Jerusalem.</p><p><b>[Ezra 4:7]</b> And in the days of Artaxerxes <del>wrote</del> <ins>king of Persia,</ins> Bishlam, Mithredath, <del>Tabeel,</del> <ins>Tabeel</ins> and the rest of <del>their companions, unto Artaxerxes king of Persia; and the writing of the</del> <ins>his associates wrote a letter to Artaxerxes. The</ins> letter was written in <del>the Syrian tongue,</del> <ins>Aramaic script</ins> and <del>interpreted</del> in the <del>Syrian tongue.</del> <ins>Aramaic language.,</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 4:8]</b> Rehum the <del>chancellor</del> <ins>commanding officer</ins> and Shimshai the <del>scribe</del> <ins>secretary</ins> wrote a letter against Jerusalem to Artaxerxes the king <del>in this sort:</del> <ins>as follows:</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 4:9]</b> <del>Then wrote</del> Rehum the <del>chancellor,</del> <ins>commanding officer</ins> and Shimshai the <del>scribe, and</del> <ins>secretary, together with</ins> the rest of their <del>companions; the Dinaites, the Apharsathchites, the Tarpelites, the Apharsites, the Archevites, the Babylonians, the Susanchites, the Dehavites,</del> <ins>associates-the judges</ins> and <ins>officials over</ins> the <del>Elamites,</del> <ins>men from Tripolis, Persia, Erech and Babylon, the Elamites of Susa,</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 4:10]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> the <del>rest of the nations</del> <ins>other people</ins> whom the great and <del>noble Asnapper brought over,</del> <ins>honorable Ashurbanipal deported</ins> and <del>set</del> <ins>settled</ins> in the <del>cities</del> <ins>city</ins> of <del>Samaria,</del> <ins>Samaria</ins> and <del>the rest that are on this side the river, and at such a time.</del> <ins>elsewhere in Trans-Euphrates.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 4:11]</b> <del>This</del> <ins>(This</ins> is <del>the</del> <ins>a</ins> copy of the letter <del>that</del> they sent <del>unto him, even unto Artaxerxes the king; Thy servants</del> <ins>him.) To King Artaxerxes, From your servants,</ins> the men <del>on this side the river, and at such a time.</del> <ins>of Trans-Euphrates:</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 4:12]</b> <del>Be it known unto the king,</del> <ins>The king should know</ins> that the Jews <del>which</del> <ins>who</ins> came up <del>from thee</del> to us <ins>from you have gone to Jerusalem and</ins> are <del>come unto Jerusalem, building the</del> <ins>rebuilding that</ins> rebellious and <del>the bad city, and have set up</del> <ins>wicked city. They are restoring</ins> the walls <del>thereof,</del> and <del>joined</del> <ins>repairing</ins> the foundations.</p><p><b>[Ezra 4:13]</b> <del>Be it known now unto</del> <ins>Furthermore,</ins> the <del>king, that,</del> <ins>king should know that</ins> if this city <ins>is built and its walls are restored, no more taxes, tribute or duty will</ins> be <del>builded,</del> <ins>paid,</ins> and the <del>walls set up again, then</del> <ins>royal revenues</ins> will <del>they not pay toll, tribute, and custom, and so thou shalt endamage the revenue of the kings.</del> <ins>suffer.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 4:14]</b> Now <del>because</del> <ins>since</ins> we <del>have maintenance from</del> <ins>are under obligation to</ins> the <del>king's palace,</del> <ins>palace</ins> and it <del>was</del> <ins>is</ins> not <del>meet</del> <ins>proper</ins> for us to see the <del>king's dishonour, therefore have</del> <ins>king dishonored,</ins> we <del>sent and certified</del> <ins>are sending this message to inform</ins> the <del>king;</del> <ins>king,</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 4:15]</b> <del>That</del> <ins>so that a</ins> search may be made in the <del>book</del> <ins>archives</ins> of <del>the</del> <ins>your predecessors. In these</ins> records <del>of thy fathers: so shalt thou</del> <ins>you will</ins> find <del>in the book of the records, and know</del> that this city is a rebellious city, <del>and hurtful unto</del> <ins>troublesome to</ins> kings and provinces, <del>and that they have moved sedition within the same</del> <ins>a place</ins> of <del>old time: for which cause was</del> <ins>rebellion from ancient times. That is why</ins> this city <ins>was</ins> destroyed.</p><p><b>[Ezra 4:16]</b> We <del>certify</del> <ins>inform</ins> the king <del>that,</del> <ins>that</ins> if this city <del>be builded again,</del> <ins>is built</ins> and <del>the</del> <ins>its</ins> walls <del>thereof set up, by this means thou shalt have no portion on this side the river.</del> <ins>are restored, you will be left with nothing in Trans-Euphrates.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 4:17]</b> <del>Then sent the</del> <ins>The</ins> king <del>an answer unto</del> <ins>sent this reply: To</ins> Rehum the <del>chancellor, and to</del> <ins>commanding officer,</ins> Shimshai the <del>scribe,</del> <ins>secretary</ins> and <del>to</del> the rest of their <del>companions that dwell</del> <ins>associates living</ins> in <del>Samaria,</del> <ins>Samaria</ins> and <del>unto the rest beyond the river, Peace, and at such a time.</del> <ins>elsewhere in Trans-Euphrates: Greetings.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 4:18]</b> The letter <del>which ye</del> <ins>you</ins> sent <del>unto</del> us <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> been <del>plainly</del> read <del>before me.</del> <ins>and translated in my presence.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 4:19]</b> <del>And</del> I <del>commanded,</del> <ins>issued an order</ins> and <ins>a</ins> search <del>hath been</del> <ins>was</ins> made, and it <del>is</del> <ins>was</ins> found that this city <ins>has a long history</ins> of <del>old time hath made insurrection</del> <ins>revolt</ins> against <del>kings,</del> <ins>kings</ins> and <del>that</del> <ins>has been a place of</ins> rebellion and <del>sedition have been made therein.</del> <ins>sedition.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 4:20]</b> <del>There have been mighty</del> <ins>Jerusalem has had powerful</ins> kings <del>also</del> <ins>ruling</ins> over <del>Jerusalem, which have ruled over all countries beyond</del> the <del>river;</del> <ins>whole of Trans-Euphrates,</ins> and <del>toll, tribute,</del> <ins>taxes, tribute</ins> and <del>custom, was</del> <ins>duty were</ins> paid <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> them.</p><p><b>[Ezra 4:21]</b> <del>Give ye now commandment</del> <ins>Now issue an order</ins> to <del>cause</del> these men to <del>cease, and</del> <ins>stop work, so</ins> that this city <del>be</del> <ins>will</ins> not <del>builded, until another commandment shall</del> be <del>given from me.</del> <ins>rebuilt until I so order.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 4:22]</b> <del>Take heed now that ye fail</del> <ins>Be careful</ins> not to <del>do this: why should damage grow</del> <ins>neglect this matter. Why let this threat grow,</ins> to the <del>hurt</del> <ins>detriment</ins> of the <del>kings?</del> <ins>royal interests?</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 4:23]</b> <del>Now when</del> <ins>As soon as</ins> the copy of <del>king Artaxerxes'</del> <ins>the</ins> letter <ins>of King Artaxerxes</ins> was read <del>before Rehum,</del> <ins>to Rehum</ins> and Shimshai the <del>scribe,</del> <ins>secretary</ins> and their <del>companions,</del> <ins>associates,</ins> they went <del>up in haste</del> <ins>immediately</ins> to <del>Jerusalem unto</del> the <del>Jews,</del> <ins>Jews in Jerusalem</ins> and <del>made</del> <ins>compelled</ins> them <del>to cease</del> by force <del>and power.</del> <ins>to stop.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 4:24]</b> <del>Then ceased</del> <ins>Thus</ins> the work <del>of</del> <ins>on</ins> the house of God <del>which is at Jerusalem. So it ceased unto</del> <ins>in Jerusalem came to a standstill until</ins> the second year of the reign of Darius king of Persia.</p><p><b>[Ezra 5:1]</b> <del>Then the prophets,</del> <ins>Now</ins> Haggai the <del>prophet,</del> <ins>prophet</ins> and Zechariah the <del>son</del> <ins>prophet, a descendant</ins> of Iddo, prophesied <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the Jews <del>that were</del> in Judah and Jerusalem in the name of the God of Israel, <del>even unto</del> <ins>who was over</ins> them.</p><p><b>[Ezra 5:2]</b> Then <del>rose up</del> Zerubbabel <del>the</del> son of <del>Shealtiel,</del> <ins>Shealtiel</ins> and Jeshua <del>the</del> son of <del>Jozadak, and began</del> <ins>Jozadak set</ins> to <del>build</del> <ins>work to rebuild</ins> the house of God <del>which is at Jerusalem: and with them were</del> <ins>in Jerusalem. And</ins> the prophets of God <ins>were with them,</ins> helping them.</p><p><b>[Ezra 5:3]</b> At <del>the same</del> <ins>that</ins> time <del>came to them Tatnai,</del> <ins>Tattenai,</ins> governor <del>on this side the river,</del> <ins>of Trans-Euphrates,</ins> and <del>Shetharboznai</del> <ins>Shethar-Bozenai</ins> and their <del>companions,</del> <ins>associates went to them</ins> and <del>said thus unto them, Who hath commanded</del> <ins>asked, "Who authorized</ins> you to <del>build</del> <ins>rebuild</ins> this <del>house,</del> <ins>temple</ins> and <del>to make up</del> <ins>restore</ins> this <del>wall?</del> <ins>structure?"</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 5:4]</b> <del>Then said we unto them after this manner, What</del> <ins>They also asked, "What</ins> are the names of the men <del>that make</del> <ins>constructing</ins> this <del>building?</del> <ins>building?"</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 5:5]</b> But the eye of their God was <del>upon</del> <ins>watching over</ins> the elders of the Jews, <del>that they could not cause them to cease, till the matter came to Darius:</del> and <del>then</del> they <del>returned answer by letter concerning this matter.</del> <ins>were not stopped until a report could go to Darius and his written reply be received.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 5:6]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>This is a</ins> copy of the letter that <del>Tatnai,</del> <ins>Tattenai,</ins> governor <del>on this side the river,</del> <ins>of Trans-Euphrates,</ins> and <del>Shetharboznai</del> <ins>Shethar-Bozenai</ins> and <del>his companions</del> <ins>their associates,</ins> the <del>Apharsachites, which were on this side the river,</del> <ins>officials of Trans-Euphrates,</ins> sent <del>unto Darius the king:</del> <ins>to King Darius.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 5:7]</b> <del>They</del> <ins>The report they</ins> sent <del>a letter unto him, wherein was written thus; Unto Darius the king, all peace.</del> <ins>him read as follows: To King Darius: Cordial greetings.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 5:8]</b> <del>Be it known unto the king,</del> <ins>The king should know</ins> that we went <del>into the province of Judea,</del> to the <del>house</del> <ins>district of Judah, to the temple</ins> of the great <del>God, which is builded</del> <ins>God. The people are building it</ins> with <del>great stones,</del> <ins>large stones</ins> and <del>timber is laid</del> <ins>placing the timbers</ins> in the <del>walls, and this</del> <ins>walls. The</ins> work <del>goeth fast on,</del> <ins>is being carried on with diligence</ins> and <del>prospereth in</del> <ins>is making rapid progress under</ins> their <del>hands.</del> <ins>direction.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 5:9]</b> <del>Then asked we those elders,</del> <ins>We questioned the elders</ins> and <del>said unto them thus, Who commanded</del> <ins>asked them, "Who authorized</ins> you to <del>build</del> <ins>rebuild</ins> this <del>house,</del> <ins>temple</ins> and <del>to make up these walls?</del> <ins>restore this structure?"</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 5:10]</b> We <ins>also</ins> asked <ins>them</ins> their <del>names also, to certify thee,</del> <ins>names, so</ins> that we <del>might</del> <ins>could</ins> write <ins>down</ins> the names of <del>the men that were the chief of them.</del> <ins>their leaders for your information.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 5:11]</b> <del>And thus</del> <ins>This is the answer</ins> they <del>returned us answer, saying, We</del> <ins>gave us: "We</ins> are the servants of the God of heaven and earth, and <del>build</del> <ins>we are rebuilding</ins> the <del>house</del> <ins>temple</ins> that was <del>builded these</del> <ins>built</ins> many years ago, <del>which</del> <ins>one that</ins> a great king of Israel <del>builded</del> <ins>built</ins> and <del>set up.</del> <ins>finished.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 5:12]</b> But <del>after that</del> <ins>because</ins> our fathers <del>had provoked</del> <ins>angered</ins> the God of <del>heaven unto wrath,</del> <ins>heaven,</ins> he <del>gave</del> <ins>handed</ins> them <del>into the hand of</del> <ins>over to</ins> Nebuchadnezzar the <ins>Chaldean,</ins> king of Babylon, <del>the Chaldean,</del> who destroyed this <del>house,</del> <ins>temple</ins> and <del>carried</del> <ins>deported</ins> the people <del>away into</del> <ins>to</ins> Babylon.</p><p><b>[Ezra 5:13]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>"However,</ins> in the first year of Cyrus <del>the</del> king of <del>Babylon the same king</del> <ins>Babylon, King</ins> Cyrus <del>made</del> <ins>issued</ins> a decree to <del>build</del> <ins>rebuild</ins> this house of God.</p><p><b>[Ezra 5:14]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>He even removed from</ins> the <del>vessels also</del> <ins>temple</ins> of <ins>Babylon the</ins> gold and silver <ins>articles</ins> of the house of God, which Nebuchadnezzar <del>took out of</del> <ins>had taken from</ins> the temple <del>that was</del> in <del>Jerusalem,</del> <ins>Jerusalem</ins> and brought <del>them into</del> <ins>to</ins> the temple <del>of Babylon, those did</del> <ins>in Babylon. "Then King</ins> Cyrus <del>the king take out of the temple of Babylon, and they were delivered unto one, whose name was</del> <ins>gave them to a man named</ins> Sheshbazzar, whom he had <del>made governor;</del> <ins>appointed governor,</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 5:15]</b> <del>And said unto</del> <ins>and he told</ins> him, <del>Take</del> <ins>'Take</ins> these <del>vessels, go, carry</del> <ins>articles and go and deposit</ins> them <del>into</del> <ins>in</ins> the temple <del>that is</del> in <del>Jerusalem, and let</del> <ins>Jerusalem. And rebuild</ins> the house of God <del>be builded in his place.</del> <ins>on its site.'</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 5:16]</b> <del>Then</del> <ins>So this Sheshbazzar</ins> came <del>the same Sheshbazzar,</del> and laid the <del>foundation</del> <ins>foundations</ins> of the house of God <del>which is</del> in <del>Jerusalem: and since</del> <ins>Jerusalem. From</ins> that <del>time even until now hath</del> <ins>day to the present</ins> it <ins>has</ins> been <del>in building, and yet it</del> <ins>under construction but</ins> is not <del>finished.</del> <ins>yet finished."</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 5:17]</b> Now <del>therefore,</del> if it <del>seem good to</del> <ins>pleases</ins> the king, let <del>there be</del> <ins>a</ins> search <ins>be</ins> made in the <del>king's treasure house, which is there at Babylon, whether it be so, that</del> <ins>royal archives of Babylon to see if King Cyrus did in fact issue</ins> a decree <del>was made of Cyrus the king</del> to <del>build</del> <ins>rebuild</ins> this house of God <del>at Jerusalem, and</del> <ins>in Jerusalem. Then</ins> let the king send <del>his pleasure to</del> us <del>concerning</del> <ins>his decision in</ins> this matter.</p><p><b>[Ezra 6:1]</b> <del>Then</del> <ins>King</ins> Darius <del>the king made a decree,</del> <ins>then issued an order,</ins> and <del>search was made</del> <ins>they searched</ins> in the <del>house of the rolls, where the treasures were laid up</del> <ins>archives stored</ins> in <ins>the treasury at</ins> Babylon.</p><p><b>[Ezra 6:2]</b> <del>And there</del> <ins>A scroll</ins> was found <del>at Achmetha,</del> in the <del>palace that is</del> <ins>citadel of Ecbatana</ins> in the province of <del>the Medes, a roll,</del> <ins>Media,</ins> and <del>therein</del> <ins>this</ins> was <del>a record thus written:</del> <ins>written on it: Memorandum:</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 6:3]</b> In the first year of <del>Cyrus</del> <ins>King Cyrus,</ins> the king <del>the same Cyrus the king made</del> <ins>issued</ins> a decree concerning the <del>house</del> <ins>temple</ins> of God <del>at Jerusalem,</del> <ins>in Jerusalem:</ins> Let the <del>house</del> <ins>temple</ins> be <del>builded, the</del> <ins>rebuilt as a</ins> place <del>where they offered</del> <ins>to present</ins> sacrifices, and let <del>the</del> <ins>its</ins> foundations <del>thereof</del> be <del>strongly laid; the height thereof threescore cubits,</del> <ins>laid. It is to be ninety feet high</ins> and <del>the breadth thereof threescore cubits;</del> <ins>ninety feet wide,</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 6:4]</b> <del>With</del> <ins>with</ins> three <del>rows</del> <ins>courses</ins> of <del>great stones,</del> <ins>large stones</ins> and <del>a row</del> <ins>one</ins> of <del>new timber: and let the expenses</del> <ins>timbers. The costs are to</ins> be <del>given out of</del> <ins>paid by</ins> the <del>king's house:</del> <ins>royal treasury.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 6:5]</b> <del>And also let</del> <ins>Also,</ins> the <del>golden</del> <ins>gold</ins> and silver <del>vessels</del> <ins>articles</ins> of the house of God, which Nebuchadnezzar took <del>forth out of</del> <ins>from</ins> the temple <del>which is at Jerusalem,</del> <ins>in Jerusalem</ins> and brought <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> Babylon, <ins>are to</ins> be <del>restored, and brought again unto</del> <ins>returned to their places in</ins> the temple <del>which is at Jerusalem, every one</del> <ins>in Jerusalem; they are</ins> to <del>his place, and place them</del> <ins>be deposited</ins> in the house of God.</p><p><b>[Ezra 6:6]</b> Now <del>therefore, Tatnai,</del> <ins>then, Tattenai,</ins> governor <del>beyond the river, Shetharboznai,</del> <ins>of Trans-Euphrates,</ins> and <del>your companions the Apharsachites, which are beyond the river, be ye far</del> <ins>Shethar-Bozenai and you, their fellow officials of that province, stay away</ins> from <del>thence:</del> <ins>there.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 6:7]</b> <del>Let</del> <ins>Do not interfere with</ins> the work <del>of</del> <ins>on</ins> this <del>house</del> <ins>temple</ins> of <del>God alone; let</del> <ins>God. Let</ins> the governor of the Jews and the <ins>Jewish</ins> elders <del>of the Jews build</del> <ins>rebuild</ins> this house of God <del>in his place.</del> <ins>on its site.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 6:8]</b> <del>Moreover</del> <ins>Moreover,</ins> I <del>make a</del> <ins>hereby</ins> decree what <del>ye shall do</del> <ins>you are</ins> to <del>the</del> <ins>do for these</ins> elders of <del>these Jews for</del> the <del>building</del> <ins>Jews in the construction</ins> of this house of God: <del>that</del> <ins>The expenses of these men are to be fully paid out</ins> of the <del>king's goods, even of</del> <ins>royal treasury, from</ins> the <del>tribute beyond the river, forthwith expenses be given unto these men,</del> <ins>revenues of Trans-Euphrates, so</ins> that <del>they be</del> <ins>the work will</ins> not <del>hindered.</del> <ins>stop.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 6:9]</b> <del>And that which they have need of, both young bullocks, and</del> <ins>Whatever is needed-young bulls,</ins> rams, <del>and lambs,</del> <ins>male lambs</ins> for <del>the</del> burnt offerings <del>of</del> <ins>to</ins> the God of heaven, <ins>and</ins> wheat, salt, <del>wine,</del> <ins>wine</ins> and oil, <del>according to the appointment of</del> <ins>as requested by</ins> the priests <del>which are at Jerusalem, let it</del> <ins>in Jerusalem-must</ins> be given them <del>day by day</del> <ins>daily</ins> without <del>fail:</del> <ins>fail,</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 6:10]</b> <del>That</del> <ins>so that</ins> they may offer sacrifices <del>of sweet savours unto</del> <ins>pleasing to</ins> the God of <del>heaven,</del> <ins>heaven</ins> and pray for the <del>life</del> <ins>well-being</ins> of the <del>king,</del> <ins>king</ins> and <del>of</del> his sons.</p><p><b>[Ezra 6:11]</b> <del>Also</del> <ins>Furthermore,</ins> I <del>have made a decree,</del> <ins>decree</ins> that <del>whosoever shall alter</del> <ins>if anyone changes</ins> this <del>word, let timber</del> <ins>edict, a beam is to</ins> be pulled <del>down</del> from his <del>house,</del> <ins>house</ins> and <del>being set up, let him</del> <ins>he is to</ins> be <del>hanged thereon;</del> <ins>lifted up</ins> and <del>let</del> <ins>impaled on it. And for this crime</ins> his house <ins>is to</ins> be made a <del>dunghill for this.</del> <ins>pile of rubble.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 6:12]</b> <del>And the God that hath</del> <ins>May God, who has</ins> caused his <del>name</del> <ins>Name</ins> to dwell <del>there destroy all kings and people, that shall put to their</del> <ins>there, overthrow any king or people who lifts a</ins> hand to <del>alter and</del> <ins>change this decree or</ins> to destroy this <del>house of God which is at</del> <ins>temple in</ins> Jerusalem. I Darius have <del>made a decree; let</del> <ins>decreed it. Let</ins> it be <del>done</del> <ins>carried out</ins> with <del>speed.</del> <ins>diligence.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 6:13]</b> <del>Then Tatnai, governor on this side</del> <ins>Then, because of</ins> the <del>river, Shetharboznai, and their companions, according to that which</del> <ins>decree King</ins> Darius <del>the king</del> had sent, <del>so they did speedily.</del> <ins>Tattenai, governor of Trans-Euphrates, and Shethar-Bozenai and their associates carried it out with diligence.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 6:14]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>So</ins> the elders of the Jews <del>builded,</del> <ins>continued to build</ins> and <del>they prospered through</del> <ins>prosper under</ins> the <del>prophesying</del> <ins>preaching</ins> of Haggai the prophet and <del>Zechariah the son</del> <ins>Zechariah, a descendant</ins> of Iddo. <del>And they builded, and</del> <ins>They</ins> finished <del>it,</del> <ins>building the temple</ins> according to the <del>commandment</del> <ins>command</ins> of the God of <del>Israel,</del> <ins>Israel</ins> and <del>according to</del> the <del>commandment</del> <ins>decrees</ins> of Cyrus, <ins>Darius</ins> and <del>Darius, and Artaxerxes king</del> <ins>Artaxerxes, kings</ins> of Persia.</p><p><b>[Ezra 6:15]</b> <del>And this house</del> <ins>The temple</ins> was <del>finished</del> <ins>completed</ins> on the third day of the month Adar, <del>which was</del> in the sixth year of the reign of <del>Darius the king.</del> <ins>King Darius.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 6:16]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> the <del>children</del> <ins>people</ins> of <del>Israel, the</del> <ins>Israel-the</ins> priests, <del>and</del> the <del>Levites,</del> <ins>Levites</ins> and the rest of the <del>children of the captivity, kept</del> <ins>exiles-celebrated</ins> the dedication of <del>this</del> <ins>the</ins> house of God with joy.</p><p><b>[Ezra 6:17]</b> <del>And offered at</del> <ins>For</ins> the dedication of this house of God <del>an</del> <ins>they offered a</ins> hundred <del>bullocks,</del> <ins>bulls,</ins> two hundred rams, four hundred <del>lambs; and for</del> <ins>male lambs and, as</ins> a sin offering for all Israel, twelve <del>he</del> <ins>male</ins> goats, <del>according to the number</del> <ins>one for each</ins> of the tribes of Israel.</p><p><b>[Ezra 6:18]</b> And they <del>set</del> <ins>installed</ins> the priests in their <del>divisions,</del> <ins>divisions</ins> and the Levites in their <del>courses,</del> <ins>groups</ins> for the service of <del>God, which is</del> <ins>God</ins> at <del>Jerusalem; as it</del> <ins>Jerusalem, according to what</ins> is written in the <del>book</del> <ins>Book</ins> of Moses.</p><p><b>[Ezra 6:19]</b> <del>And the children of the captivity kept the passover upon</del> <ins>On</ins> the fourteenth day of the first <del>month.</del> <ins>month, the exiles celebrated the Passover.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 6:20]</b> <del>For the</del> <ins>The</ins> priests and <del>the</del> Levites <del>were</del> <ins>had</ins> purified <del>together, all of them were pure,</del> <ins>themselves</ins> and <del>killed</del> <ins>were all ceremonially clean. The Levites slaughtered</ins> the <del>passover</del> <ins>Passover lamb</ins> for all the <del>children of the captivity, and</del> <ins>exiles,</ins> for their <del>brethren</del> <ins>brothers</ins> the <del>priests,</del> <ins>priests</ins> and for themselves.</p><p><b>[Ezra 6:21]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>So</ins> the <del>children of Israel, which were come again out of captivity, and</del> <ins>Israelites who had returned from the exile ate it, together with</ins> all <del>such as</del> <ins>who</ins> had separated themselves <del>unto them</del> from the <del>filthiness</del> <ins>unclean practices</ins> of <del>the heathen of the land,</del> <ins>their Gentile neighbors in order</ins> to seek the <del>LORD</del> <ins>LORD, the</ins> God of <del>Israel, did eat,</del> <ins>Israel.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 6:22]</b> <del>And kept the feast of unleavened bread</del> <ins>For</ins> seven days <ins>they celebrated</ins> with <del>joy: for</del> <ins>joy the Feast of Unleavened Bread, because</ins> the LORD had <del>made</del> <ins>filled</ins> them <del>joyful, and turned</del> <ins>with joy by changing</ins> the <del>heart</del> <ins>attitude</ins> of the king of <del>Assyria unto them, to strengthen their hands</del> <ins>Assyria, so that he assisted them</ins> in the work <del>of</del> <ins>on</ins> the house of God, the God of Israel.</p><p><b>[Ezra 7:1]</b> <del>Now after</del> <ins>After</ins> these things, <del>in</del> <ins>during</ins> the reign of Artaxerxes king of Persia, Ezra <del>the</del> son of Seraiah, the son of Azariah, the son of Hilkiah,</p><p><b>[Ezra 7:2]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>the</ins> son of Shallum, the son of Zadok, the son of Ahitub,</p><p><b>[Ezra 7:3]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>the</ins> son of Amariah, the son of Azariah, the son of Meraioth,</p><p><b>[Ezra 7:4]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>the</ins> son of Zerahiah, the son of Uzzi, the son of Bukki,</p><p><b>[Ezra 7:5]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>the</ins> son of Abishua, the son of Phinehas, the son of Eleazar, the son of Aaron the chief <del>priest:</del> <ins>priest-</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 7:6]</b> <del>This</del> <ins>this</ins> Ezra <del>went</del> <ins>came</ins> up from <del>Babylon; and he</del> <ins>Babylon. He</ins> was a <del>ready scribe</del> <ins>teacher well versed</ins> in the <del>law</del> <ins>Law</ins> of Moses, which the <del>LORD</del> <ins>LORD, the</ins> God of <del>Israel</del> <ins>Israel,</ins> had <del>given: and the</del> <ins>given. The</ins> king <ins>had</ins> granted him <del>all his request, according to</del> <ins>everything he asked, for</ins> the hand of the LORD his God <del>upon</del> <ins>was on</ins> him.</p><p><b>[Ezra 7:7]</b> <del>And there went up some</del> <ins>Some</ins> of the <del>children of Israel, and of the</del> <ins>Israelites, including</ins> priests, <del>and the</del> Levites, <del>and the</del> singers, <ins>gatekeepers</ins> and <del>the porters, and the Nethinims, unto Jerusalem,</del> <ins>temple servants, also came up to Jerusalem</ins> in the seventh year of <del>Artaxerxes the king.</del> <ins>King Artaxerxes.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 7:8]</b> <del>And he came to</del> <ins>Ezra arrived in</ins> Jerusalem in the fifth <del>month, which was in</del> <ins>month of</ins> the seventh year of the king.</p><p><b>[Ezra 7:9]</b> <del>For upon</del> <ins>He had begun his journey from Babylon on</ins> the first day of the first <del>month began he to go up from Babylon,</del> <ins>month,</ins> and <ins>he arrived in Jerusalem</ins> on the first day of the fifth <del>month came he to Jerusalem, according to</del> <ins>month, for</ins> the <del>good</del> <ins>gracious</ins> hand of his God <del>upon</del> <ins>was on</ins> him.</p><p><b>[Ezra 7:10]</b> For Ezra had <del>prepared his heart</del> <ins>devoted himself</ins> to <del>seek</del> the <del>law</del> <ins>study and observance of the Law</ins> of the LORD, and to <del>do it,</del> <ins>teaching its decrees</ins> and <del>to teach</del> <ins>laws</ins> in <del>Israel statutes and judgments.</del> <ins>Israel.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 7:11]</b> <del>Now this</del> <ins>This</ins> is <del>the</del> <ins>a</ins> copy of the letter <del>that the king</del> <ins>King</ins> Artaxerxes <del>gave unto</del> <ins>had given to</ins> Ezra the <del>priest, the scribe, even</del> <ins>priest and teacher,</ins> a <del>scribe</del> <ins>man learned in matters concerning the commands and decrees</ins> of the <del>words of the commandments of the LORD, and of his statutes to Israel.</del> <ins>LORD for Israel:</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 7:12]</b> Artaxerxes, king of kings, <del>unto</del> <ins>To</ins> Ezra the priest, a <del>scribe</del> <ins>teacher</ins> of the <del>law</del> <ins>Law</ins> of the God of <del>heaven, perfect peace, and at such a time.</del> <ins>heaven: Greetings.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 7:13]</b> <ins>Now</ins> I <del>make a decree,</del> <ins>decree</ins> that <del>all they</del> <ins>any</ins> of the <del>people of Israel, and of his</del> <ins>Israelites in my kingdom, including</ins> priests and Levites, <del>in my realm, which are minded of their own freewill</del> <ins>who wish</ins> to go <del>up</del> to <del>Jerusalem, go</del> <ins>Jerusalem</ins> with <del>thee.</del> <ins>you, may go.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 7:14]</b> <del>Forasmuch as thou art</del> <ins>You are</ins> sent <del>of</del> <ins>by</ins> the <del>king,</del> <ins>king</ins> and <del>of</del> his seven <del>counsellors,</del> <ins>advisers</ins> to <del>enquire concerning</del> <ins>inquire about</ins> Judah and <del>Jerusalem, according</del> <ins>Jerusalem with regard</ins> to the <del>law</del> <ins>Law</ins> of <del>thy God</del> <ins>your God,</ins> which is in <del>thine hand;</del> <ins>your hand.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 7:15]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Moreover, you are</ins> to <del>carry</del> <ins>take with you</ins> the silver and <del>gold, which</del> <ins>gold that</ins> the king and his <del>counsellors</del> <ins>advisers</ins> have freely <del>offered unto</del> <ins>given to</ins> the God of Israel, whose <del>habitation</del> <ins>dwelling</ins> is in Jerusalem,</p><p><b>[Ezra 7:16]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>together with</ins> all the silver and gold <del>that thou canst find in all</del> <ins>you may obtain from</ins> the province of Babylon, <del>with</del> <ins>as well as</ins> the freewill <del>offering</del> <ins>offerings</ins> of the <del>people,</del> <ins>people</ins> and <del>of the priests, offering willingly</del> <ins>priests</ins> for the <del>house</del> <ins>temple</ins> of their God <del>which is</del> in <del>Jerusalem:</del> <ins>Jerusalem.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 7:17]</b> <del>That thou mayest buy speedily with</del> <ins>With</ins> this money <del>bullocks, rams,</del> <ins>be sure to buy bulls, rams and male</ins> lambs, <ins>together</ins> with their <del>meat</del> <ins>grain</ins> offerings and <del>their</del> drink offerings, and <del>offer</del> <ins>sacrifice</ins> them <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> the altar of the <del>house</del> <ins>temple</ins> of your God <del>which is</del> in Jerusalem.</p><p><b>[Ezra 7:18]</b> <del>And whatsoever shall seem good to thee,</del> <ins>You</ins> and <del>to thy brethren, to</del> <ins>your brother Jews may then</ins> do <ins>whatever seems best</ins> with the rest of the silver and <del>the</del> gold, <del>that do after</del> <ins>in accordance with</ins> the will of your God.</p><p><b>[Ezra 7:19]</b> <del>The vessels also that are given thee for the service of the house of thy God, those deliver thou before</del> <ins>Deliver to</ins> the God of <del>Jerusalem.</del> <ins>Jerusalem all the articles entrusted to you for worship in the temple of your God.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 7:20]</b> And <del>whatsoever more shall be needful</del> <ins>anything else needed</ins> for the <del>house</del> <ins>temple</ins> of <del>thy God, which thou shalt</del> <ins>your God that you may</ins> have occasion to <del>bestow, bestow it out of</del> <ins>supply, you may provide from</ins> the <del>king's treasure house.</del> <ins>royal treasury.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 7:21]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Now</ins> I, <del>even I Artaxerxes the king, do make a decree to</del> <ins>King Artaxerxes, order</ins> all the treasurers <del>which are beyond the river, that whatsoever</del> <ins>of Trans-Euphrates to provide with diligence whatever</ins> Ezra the priest, <del>the scribe</del> <ins>a teacher</ins> of the <del>law</del> <ins>Law</ins> of the God of heaven, <del>shall require</del> <ins>may ask</ins> of <del>you, it be done speedily,</del> <ins>you-</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 7:22]</b> <del>Unto an</del> <ins>up to a</ins> hundred talents of silver, <del>and to an</del> <ins>a</ins> hundred <del>measures</del> <ins>cors</ins> of wheat, <del>and to an</del> <ins>a</ins> hundred baths of wine, <del>and to an</del> <ins>a</ins> hundred baths of <ins>olive</ins> oil, and salt without <del>prescribing how much.</del> <ins>limit.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 7:23]</b> <del>Whatsoever is commanded by</del> <ins>Whatever</ins> the God of <del>heaven,</del> <ins>heaven has prescribed,</ins> let it be <del>diligently</del> done <ins>with diligence</ins> for the <del>house</del> <ins>temple</ins> of the God of <del>heaven: for why</del> <ins>heaven. Why</ins> should there be wrath against the realm of the king and <ins>of</ins> his sons?</p><p><b>[Ezra 7:24]</b> <del>Also we certify you,</del> <ins>You are also to know</ins> that <del>touching</del> <ins>you have no authority to impose taxes, tribute or duty on</ins> any of the <del>priests and</del> <ins>priests,</ins> Levites, singers, <del>porters, Nethinims,</del> <ins>gatekeepers, temple servants</ins> or <del>ministers of</del> <ins>other workers at</ins> this house of <del>God, it shall not be lawful to impose toll, tribute, or custom, upon them.</del> <ins>God.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 7:25]</b> And <del>thou,</del> <ins>you,</ins> Ezra, <del>after</del> <ins>in accordance with</ins> the wisdom of <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> God, <del>that is in thine hand, set</del> <ins>which you possess, appoint</ins> magistrates and <del>judges, which may judge</del> <ins>judges to administer justice to</ins> all the people <del>that are beyond the river, all such as</del> <ins>of Trans-Euphrates-all who</ins> know the laws of <del>thy God; and</del> <ins>your God. And you are to</ins> teach <del>ye them that</del> <ins>any who do not</ins> know <del>them not.</del> <ins>them.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 7:26]</b> <del>And whosoever will</del> <ins>Whoever does</ins> not <del>do</del> <ins>obey</ins> the law of <del>thy God,</del> <ins>your God</ins> and the law of the <del>king, let judgment</del> <ins>king must surely</ins> be <del>executed speedily upon him, whether it be unto</del> <ins>punished by</ins> death, <del>or to</del> banishment, <del>or to</del> confiscation of <del>goods,</del> <ins>property,</ins> or <del>to</del> imprisonment.</p><p><b>[Ezra 7:27]</b> <del>Blessed</del> <ins>Praise</ins> be <ins>to</ins> the <del>LORD</del> <ins>LORD, the</ins> God of our fathers, <del>which hath</del> <ins>who has</ins> put <del>such a thing as this in</del> <ins>it into</ins> the king's <del>heart,</del> <ins>heart</ins> to <del>beautify</del> <ins>bring honor to</ins> the house of the LORD <del>which is</del> in <del>Jerusalem:</del> <ins>Jerusalem in this way</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 7:28]</b> <del>And hath</del> <ins>and who has</ins> extended <del>mercy unto</del> <ins>his good favor to</ins> me before the <del>king,</del> <ins>king</ins> and his <del>counsellors,</del> <ins>advisers</ins> and <del>before</del> all the king's <del>mighty princes. And I was strengthened as</del> <ins>powerful officials. Because</ins> the hand of the LORD my God was <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> me, <del>and</del> I <ins>took courage and</ins> gathered <del>together out of Israel chief</del> <ins>leading</ins> men <ins>from Israel</ins> to go up with me.</p><p><b>[Ezra 8:1]</b> These are <del>now</del> the <del>chief of their fathers,</del> <ins>family heads</ins> and <del>this is the genealogy of</del> <ins>those registered with</ins> them <del>that went</del> <ins>who came</ins> up with me from <del>Babylon, in</del> <ins>Babylon during</ins> the reign of <del>Artaxerxes the king.</del> <ins>King Artaxerxes:</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:2]</b> <del>Of the sons of Phinehas; Gershom:</del> of the <del>sons</del> <ins>descendants</ins> of <del>Ithamar; Daniel:</del> <ins>Phinehas, Gershom;</ins> of the <del>sons</del> <ins>descendants</ins> of <del>David; Hattush.</del> <ins>Ithamar, Daniel; of the descendants of David, Hattush</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:3]</b> <del>Of the sons of Shechaniah,</del> of the <del>sons</del> <ins>descendants</ins> of <del>Pharosh; Zechariah:</del> <ins>Shecaniah; of the descendants of Parosh, Zechariah,</ins> and with him were <del>reckoned by genealogy of the males an hundred and fifty.</del> <ins>registered 150 men;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:4]</b> <del>Of the sons</del> of <del>Pahathmoab; Elihoenai</del> the <ins>descendants of Pahath-Moab, Eliehoenai</ins> son of Zerahiah, and with him <del>two hundred males.</del> <ins>200 men;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:5]</b> <del>Of the sons</del> of <del>Shechaniah;</del> the <ins>descendants of Zattu, Shecaniah</ins> son of Jahaziel, and with him <del>three hundred males.</del> <ins>300 men;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:6]</b> <del>Of the sons also</del> of <del>Adin; Ebed</del> the <ins>descendants of Adin, Ebed</ins> son of Jonathan, and with him <del>fifty males.</del> <ins>50 men;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:7]</b> <del>And</del> of the <del>sons</del> <ins>descendants</ins> of <del>Elam;</del> <ins>Elam,</ins> Jeshaiah <del>the</del> son of Athaliah, and with him <del>seventy males.</del> <ins>70 men;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:8]</b> <del>And</del> of the <del>sons</del> <ins>descendants</ins> of <del>Shephatiah;</del> <ins>Shephatiah,</ins> Zebadiah <del>the</del> son of Michael, and with him <del>fourscore males.</del> <ins>80 men;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:9]</b> <del>Of the sons</del> of <del>Joab; Obadiah</del> the <ins>descendants of Joab, Obadiah</ins> son of Jehiel, and with him <del>two hundred and eighteen males.</del> <ins>218 men;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:10]</b> <del>And</del> of the <del>sons</del> <ins>descendants</ins> of <del>Shelomith; the</del> <ins>Bani, Shelomith</ins> son of Josiphiah, and with him <del>an hundred and threescore males.</del> <ins>160 men;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:11]</b> <del>And</del> of the <del>sons</del> <ins>descendants</ins> of <del>Bebai;</del> <ins>Bebai,</ins> Zechariah <del>the</del> son of Bebai, and with him <del>twenty and eight males.</del> <ins>28 men;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:12]</b> <del>And</del> of the <del>sons</del> <ins>descendants</ins> of <del>Azgad;</del> <ins>Azgad,</ins> Johanan <del>the</del> son of Hakkatan, and with him <del>an hundred and ten males.</del> <ins>110 men;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:13]</b> <del>And</del> of the <del>last sons</del> <ins>descendants</ins> of Adonikam, <ins>the last ones,</ins> whose names <del>are these,</del> <ins>were</ins> Eliphelet, <del>Jeiel,</del> <ins>Jeuel</ins> and Shemaiah, and with them <del>threescore males.</del> <ins>60 men;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:14]</b> <del>Of the sons also</del> of <del>Bigvai; Uthai,</del> <ins>the descendants of Bigvai, Uthai</ins> and <del>Zabbud,</del> <ins>Zaccur,</ins> and with them <del>seventy males.</del> <ins>70 men.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:15]</b> <del>And</del> I <del>gathered</del> <ins>assembled</ins> them <del>together to</del> <ins>at</ins> the <del>river</del> <ins>canal</ins> that <del>runneth to Ahava;</del> <ins>flows toward Ahava,</ins> and <del>there abode</del> we <del>in tents</del> <ins>camped there</ins> three <del>days: and</del> <ins>days. When</ins> I <del>viewed</del> <ins>checked among</ins> the <del>people,</del> <ins>people</ins> and the priests, <del>and</del> <ins>I</ins> found <del>there none of the sons of Levi.</del> <ins>no Levites there.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:16]</b> <del>Then sent</del> <ins>So</ins> I <del>for</del> <ins>summoned</ins> Eliezer, <del>for</del> Ariel, <del>for</del> Shemaiah, <del>and for</del> Elnathan, <del>and for</del> Jarib, <del>and for</del> Elnathan, <del>and for</del> Nathan, <ins>Zechariah</ins> and <del>for Zechariah, and for</del> Meshullam, <del>chief men; also for Joiarib,</del> <ins>who were leaders,</ins> and <del>for</del> <ins>Joiarib and</ins> Elnathan, <ins>who were</ins> men of <del>understanding.</del> <ins>learning,</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:17]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> I sent them <del>with commandment unto Iddo</del> <ins>to Iddo,</ins> the <del>chief at the place Casiphia, and</del> <ins>leader in Casiphia.</ins> I told them what <del>they should say unto Iddo, and</del> to <ins>say to Iddo and</ins> his <del>brethren</del> <ins>kinsmen,</ins> the <del>Nethinims, at the place</del> <ins>temple servants in</ins> Casiphia, <ins>so</ins> that they <del>should</del> <ins>might</ins> bring <del>unto</del> <ins>attendants to</ins> us <del>ministers</del> for the house of our God.</p><p><b>[Ezra 8:18]</b> <del>And by</del> <ins>Because</ins> the <del>good</del> <ins>gracious</ins> hand of our God <del>upon us</del> <ins>was on us,</ins> they brought us <ins>Sherebiah,</ins> a <del>man of understanding, of</del> <ins>capable man, from</ins> the <del>sons</del> <ins>descendants</ins> of <del>Mahli, the</del> <ins>Mahli</ins> son of Levi, the son of <del>Israel;</del> <ins>Israel,</ins> and <del>Sherebiah, with his</del> <ins>Sherebiah's</ins> sons and <del>his brethren, eighteen;</del> <ins>brothers, 18 men;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:19]</b> <del>And Hashabiah,</del> and <ins>Hashabiah, together</ins> with <del>him</del> Jeshaiah <del>of</del> <ins>from</ins> the <del>sons</del> <ins>descendants</ins> of Merari, <del>his brethren</del> and <del>their sons, twenty;</del> <ins>his brothers and nephews, 20 men.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:20]</b> <del>Also</del> <ins>They also brought 220</ins> of the <del>Nethinims, whom</del> <ins>temple servants-a body that</ins> David and the <del>princes</del> <ins>officials</ins> had <del>appointed for</del> <ins>established to assist</ins> the <del>service of the Levites, two hundred and twenty Nethinims: all of them</del> <ins>Levites. All</ins> were <del>expressed</del> <ins>registered</ins> by name.</p><p><b>[Ezra 8:21]</b> <del>Then</del> <ins>There, by the Ahava Canal,</ins> I proclaimed a <del>fast there, at the river of Ahava,</del> <ins>fast, so</ins> that we might <del>afflict</del> <ins>humble</ins> ourselves before our <del>God, to seek of him a right way for us,</del> <ins>God</ins> and <ins>ask him</ins> for <del>our little ones, and</del> <ins>a safe journey</ins> for <ins>us and our children, with</ins> all our <del>substance.</del> <ins>possessions.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:22]</b> <del>For</del> I was ashamed to <del>require of</del> <ins>ask</ins> the king <del>a band of</del> <ins>for</ins> soldiers and horsemen to <del>help</del> <ins>protect</ins> us <del>against</del> <ins>from enemies on</ins> the <del>enemy in the way:</del> <ins>road,</ins> because we had <del>spoken unto</del> <ins>told</ins> the king, <del>saying, The</del> <ins>"The gracious</ins> hand of our God is <del>upon all them for good that seek him;</del> <ins>on everyone who looks to him,</ins> but his <del>power and his wrath</del> <ins>great anger</ins> is against all <del>them that</del> <ins>who</ins> forsake <del>him.</del> <ins>him."</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:23]</b> So we fasted and <del>besought</del> <ins>petitioned</ins> our God <del>for this:</del> <ins>about this,</ins> and he <del>was intreated of us.</del> <ins>answered our prayer.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:24]</b> Then I <del>separated</del> <ins>set apart</ins> twelve of the <del>chief of the</del> <ins>leading</ins> priests, <ins>together with</ins> Sherebiah, <del>Hashabiah,</del> <ins>Hashabiah</ins> and ten of their <del>brethren with them,</del> <ins>brothers,</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:25]</b> <del>And weighed unto them the silver,</del> and <del>the gold, and the vessels, even</del> <ins>I weighed out to them</ins> the offering of <ins>silver and gold and the articles that the king, his advisers, his officials and all Israel present there had donated for</ins> the house of our <del>God, which the king, and his counsellors, and his lords, and all Israel there present, had offered:</del> <ins>God.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:26]</b> I <del>even</del> weighed <del>unto their hand six hundred and fifty</del> <ins>out to them 650</ins> talents of silver, <del>and</del> silver <del>vessels an hundred</del> <ins>articles weighing 100</ins> talents, <del>and</del> <ins>100 talents</ins> of <del>gold an hundred talents;</del> <ins>gold,</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:27]</b> <del>Also twenty basons</del> <ins>20 bowls</ins> of <del>gold, of a thousand drams;</del> <ins>gold valued at 1,000 darics,</ins> and two <del>vessels of</del> fine <del>copper,</del> <ins>articles of polished bronze, as</ins> precious as gold.</p><p><b>[Ezra 8:28]</b> <del>And</del> I said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> them, <del>Ye</del> <ins>"You as well as these articles</ins> are <del>holy unto</del> <ins>consecrated to</ins> the <del>LORD; the vessels are holy also; and the</del> <ins>LORD. The</ins> silver and <del>the</del> gold are a freewill offering <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>LORD</del> <ins>LORD, the</ins> God of your fathers.</p><p><b>[Ezra 8:29]</b> <del>Watch ye, and keep them,</del> <ins>Guard them carefully</ins> until <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> weigh them <del>before the chief of the priests and the Levites, and chief of the fathers of Israel, at Jerusalem,</del> <ins>out</ins> in the chambers of the house of the <del>LORD.</del> <ins>LORD in Jerusalem before the leading priests and the Levites and the family heads of Israel."</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:30]</b> <del>So took</del> <ins>Then</ins> the priests and <del>the</del> Levites <ins>received</ins> the <del>weight of the silver,</del> <ins>silver</ins> and <del>the gold,</del> <ins>gold</ins> and <del>the vessels,</del> <ins>sacred articles that had been weighed out</ins> to <del>bring them</del> <ins>be taken</ins> to <del>Jerusalem unto</del> the house of our <del>God.</del> <ins>God in Jerusalem.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:31]</b> <del>Then we departed from the river of Ahava on</del> <ins>On</ins> the twelfth day of the first <del>month,</del> <ins>month we set out from the Ahava Canal</ins> to go <del>unto Jerusalem: and the</del> <ins>to Jerusalem. The</ins> hand of our God was <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> us, and he <del>delivered</del> <ins>protected</ins> us from <del>the hand of the enemy,</del> <ins>enemies</ins> and <del>of such as lay in wait by</del> <ins>bandits along</ins> the way.</p><p><b>[Ezra 8:32]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>So</ins> we <del>came to</del> <ins>arrived in</ins> Jerusalem, <del>and abode there</del> <ins>where we rested</ins> three days.</p><p><b>[Ezra 8:33]</b> <del>Now on</del> <ins>On</ins> the fourth <del>day was the silver and the gold and the vessels weighed</del> <ins>day,</ins> in the house of our <del>God by</del> <ins>God, we weighed out</ins> the <del>hand</del> <ins>silver and gold and the sacred articles into the hands</ins> of Meremoth <del>the</del> son of <del>Uriah</del> <ins>Uriah,</ins> the <del>priest; and with him was</del> <ins>priest.</ins> Eleazar <del>the</del> son of <del>Phinehas; and with them</del> <ins>Phinehas</ins> was <del>Jozabad</del> <ins>with him, and so were</ins> the <ins>Levites Jozabad</ins> son of <del>Jeshua,</del> <ins>Jeshua</ins> and Noadiah <del>the</del> son of <del>Binnui, Levites;</del> <ins>Binnui.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:34]</b> <del>By</del> <ins>Everything was accounted for by</ins> number and <del>by weight of every one:</del> <ins>weight,</ins> and <del>all</del> the <ins>entire</ins> weight was <del>written</del> <ins>recorded</ins> at that time.</p><p><b>[Ezra 8:35]</b> <del>Also</del> <ins>Then</ins> the <del>children of those that</del> <ins>exiles who</ins> had <del>been carried away, which were come out of the captivity, offered</del> <ins>returned from captivity sacrificed</ins> burnt offerings <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the God of <del>Israel,</del> <ins>Israel:</ins> twelve <del>bullocks</del> <ins>bulls</ins> for all Israel, <del>ninety and six</del> <ins>ninety-six</ins> rams, <del>seventy and seven lambs, twelve he goats for</del> <ins>seventy-seven male lambs and, as</ins> a sin <del>offering: all</del> <ins>offering, twelve male goats. All</ins> this was a burnt offering <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the LORD.</p><p><b>[Ezra 8:36]</b> <del>And they</del> <ins>They also</ins> delivered the king's <del>commissions unto</del> <ins>orders to</ins> the <del>king's lieutenants,</del> <ins>royal satraps</ins> and to the governors <del>on this side</del> <ins>of Trans-Euphrates, who then gave assistance to</ins> the <del>river:</del> <ins>people</ins> and <del>they furthered the people, and</del> <ins>to</ins> the house of God.</p><p><b>[Ezra 9:1]</b> <del>Now when</del> <ins>After</ins> these things <del>were</del> <ins>had been</ins> done, the <del>princes</del> <ins>leaders</ins> came to <del>me, saying, The</del> <ins>me and said, "The</ins> people of Israel, <del>and</del> <ins>including</ins> the <del>priests,</del> <ins>priests</ins> and the Levites, have not <del>separated</del> <ins>kept</ins> themselves <ins>separate</ins> from the <del>people of the lands, doing according to</del> <ins>neighboring peoples with</ins> their <del>abominations, even</del> <ins>detestable practices, like those</ins> of the Canaanites, <del>the</del> Hittites, <del>the</del> Perizzites, <del>the</del> Jebusites, <del>the</del> Ammonites, <del>the</del> Moabites, <del>the Egyptians,</del> <ins>Egyptians</ins> and <del>the</del> Amorites.</p><p><b>[Ezra 9:2]</b> <del>For they</del> <ins>They</ins> have taken <ins>some</ins> of their daughters <ins>as wives</ins> for <del>themselves,</del> <ins>themselves</ins> and <del>for</del> their <del>sons: so that the holy seed</del> <ins>sons, and</ins> have mingled <del>themselves</del> <ins>the holy race</ins> with the <del>people of those lands: yea,</del> <ins>peoples around them. And</ins> the <del>hand of the princes</del> <ins>leaders</ins> and <del>rulers hath been chief</del> <ins>officials have led the way</ins> in this <del>trespass.</del> <ins>unfaithfulness."</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 9:3]</b> <del>And when</del> <ins>When</ins> I heard <del>this thing,</del> <ins>this,</ins> I <del>rent</del> <ins>tore</ins> my <del>garment</del> <ins>tunic</ins> and <del>my mantle, and plucked off the</del> <ins>cloak, pulled</ins> hair <del>of</del> <ins>from</ins> my head and <del>of my beard,</del> <ins>beard</ins> and sat down <del>astonied.</del> <ins>appalled.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 9:4]</b> Then <del>were assembled unto me every one that</del> <ins>everyone who</ins> trembled at the words of the God of <del>Israel,</del> <ins>Israel gathered around me</ins> because of <del>the transgression</del> <ins>this unfaithfulness</ins> of <del>those that had been carried away; and</del> <ins>the exiles. And</ins> I sat <del>astonied</del> <ins>there appalled</ins> until the evening sacrifice.</p><p><b>[Ezra 9:5]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then,</ins> at the evening <del>sacrifice</del> <ins>sacrifice,</ins> I <del>arose up</del> <ins>rose</ins> from my <del>heaviness; and having rent</del> <ins>self-abasement, with</ins> my <del>garment</del> <ins>tunic</ins> and <del>my mantle, I fell upon my knees,</del> <ins>cloak torn,</ins> and <del>spread out</del> <ins>fell on my knees with</ins> my hands <del>unto</del> <ins>spread out to</ins> the LORD my <del>God,</del> <ins>God</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 9:6]</b> <del>And said, O</del> <ins>and prayed: "O</ins> my God, I am <ins>too</ins> ashamed and <del>blush</del> <ins>disgraced</ins> to lift up my face to <del>thee,</del> <ins>you,</ins> my <del>God: for</del> <ins>God, because</ins> our <del>iniquities</del> <ins>sins</ins> are <del>increased over</del> <ins>higher than</ins> our <del>head,</del> <ins>heads</ins> and our <del>trespass is grown up unto</del> <ins>guilt has reached to</ins> the heavens.</p><p><b>[Ezra 9:7]</b> <del>Since</del> <ins>From</ins> the days of our <del>fathers have we been in a great trespass unto this day; and for</del> <ins>forefathers until now,</ins> our <del>iniquities have we,</del> <ins>guilt has been great. Because of</ins> our <del>kings,</del> <ins>sins, we</ins> and our <del>priests,</del> <ins>kings and our priests have</ins> been <del>delivered into</del> <ins>subjected to the sword and captivity, to pillage and humiliation at</ins> the hand of <del>the kings of the lands, to the sword, to captivity, and to a spoil, and to confusion of face,</del> <ins>foreign kings,</ins> as it is <del>this day.</del> <ins>today.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 9:8]</b> <del>And now</del> <ins>"But now,</ins> for a <del>little space grace hath been shewed from</del> <ins>brief moment,</ins> the LORD our <del>God, to leave</del> <ins>God has been gracious in leaving</ins> us a remnant <del>to escape,</del> and <del>to give</del> <ins>giving</ins> us a <del>nail</del> <ins>firm place</ins> in his <del>holy place, that</del> <ins>sanctuary, and so</ins> our God <del>may lighten</del> <ins>gives light to</ins> our <del>eyes,</del> <ins>eyes</ins> and <del>give us</del> a little <del>reviving</del> <ins>relief</ins> in our bondage.</p><p><b>[Ezra 9:9]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>Though</ins> we <del>were bondmen; yet</del> <ins>are slaves,</ins> our God <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> not <del>forsaken</del> <ins>deserted</ins> us in our <del>bondage, but hath extended mercy unto</del> <ins>bondage. He has shown</ins> us <ins>kindness</ins> in the sight of the kings of <del>Persia, to give</del> <ins>Persia: He has granted</ins> us <del>a reviving,</del> <ins>new life</ins> to <del>set up</del> <ins>rebuild</ins> the house of our <del>God,</del> <ins>God</ins> and <del>to</del> repair <del>the desolations thereof,</del> <ins>its ruins,</ins> and <del>to give</del> <ins>he has given</ins> us a wall <ins>of protection</ins> in Judah and <del>in</del> Jerusalem.</p><p><b>[Ezra 9:10]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>"But</ins> now, O our God, what <del>shall</del> <ins>can</ins> we say after this? <del>for</del> <ins>For</ins> we have <del>forsaken thy commandments,</del> <ins>disregarded the commands</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 9:11]</b> <del>Which thou hast commanded by thy</del> <ins>you gave through your</ins> servants the <del>prophets, saying, The land, unto which ye go</del> <ins>prophets when you said: 'The land you are entering</ins> to possess <del>it,</del> is <del>an unclean</del> <ins>a</ins> land <del>with</del> <ins>polluted by</ins> the <del>filthiness</del> <ins>corruption</ins> of <del>the people of the lands, with</del> <ins>its peoples. By</ins> their <del>abominations, which</del> <ins>detestable practices they</ins> have filled it <ins>with their impurity</ins> from one end to <del>another with their uncleanness.</del> <ins>the other.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 9:12]</b> <del>Now therefore give</del> <ins>Therefore, do</ins> not <ins>give</ins> your daughters <del>unto</del> <ins>in marriage to</ins> their <del>sons, neither</del> <ins>sons or</ins> take their daughters <del>unto your sons, nor seek their peace or their wealth</del> for <del>ever:</del> <ins>your sons. Do not seek a treaty of friendship with them at any time,</ins> that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> may be <del>strong,</del> <ins>strong</ins> and eat the good <ins>things</ins> of the <del>land,</del> <ins>land</ins> and leave it <del>for an inheritance</del> to your children <del>for ever.</del> <ins>as an everlasting inheritance.'</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 9:13]</b> <del>And after all that is come upon</del> <ins>"What has happened to</ins> us <del>for</del> <ins>is a result of</ins> our evil <del>deeds,</del> <ins>deeds</ins> and <del>for</del> our great <del>trespass, seeing that thou</del> <ins>guilt, and yet,</ins> our <del>God hast</del> <ins>God, you have</ins> punished us less than our <del>iniquities deserve,</del> <ins>sins have deserved</ins> and <del>hast</del> <ins>have</ins> given us <del>such deliverance as this;</del> <ins>a remnant like this.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 9:14]</b> <del>Should</del> <ins>Shall</ins> we again break <del>thy commandments,</del> <ins>your commands</ins> and <del>join in affinity</del> <ins>intermarry</ins> with the <del>people of these abominations? wouldest</del> <ins>peoples who commit such detestable practices? Would you</ins> not <del>thou</del> be angry <ins>enough</ins> with us <del>till thou hadst consumed</del> <ins>to destroy</ins> us, <del>so that there should be</del> <ins>leaving us</ins> no remnant <del>nor escaping?</del> <ins>or survivor?</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 9:15]</b> O <del>LORD</del> <ins>LORD,</ins> God of Israel, <del>thou art righteous: for we remain yet escaped, as it is</del> <ins>you are righteous! We are left</ins> this <del>day: behold,</del> <ins>day as a remnant. Here</ins> we are before <del>thee</del> <ins>you</ins> in our <del>trespasses: for we cannot stand before thee</del> <ins>guilt, though</ins> because of <del>this.</del> <ins>it not one of us can stand in your presence."</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:1]</b> <del>Now when</del> <ins>While</ins> Ezra <del>had prayed,</del> <ins>was praying</ins> and <del>when he had confessed,</del> <ins>confessing,</ins> weeping and <del>casting</del> <ins>throwing</ins> himself down before the house of God, <del>there assembled unto him out of Israel</del> a <del>very great congregation</del> <ins>large crowd</ins> of <del>men and</del> <ins>Israelites-men,</ins> women and <del>children: for the people</del> <ins>children-gathered around him. They too</ins> wept <del>very sore.</del> <ins>bitterly.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:2]</b> <del>And Shechaniah the</del> <ins>Then Shecaniah</ins> son of Jehiel, one of the <del>sons</del> <ins>descendants</ins> of Elam, <del>answered and</del> said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> Ezra, <del>We</del> <ins>"We</ins> have <del>trespassed against</del> <ins>been unfaithful to</ins> our <del>God, and have taken strange wives of</del> <ins>God by marrying foreign women from</ins> the <del>people</del> <ins>peoples around us. But in spite</ins> of <del>the land: yet now</del> <ins>this,</ins> there is <ins>still</ins> hope <del>in Israel concerning this thing.</del> <ins>for Israel.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:3]</b> Now <del>therefore</del> let us make a covenant <del>with</del> <ins>before</ins> our God to <del>put</del> <ins>send</ins> away all <del>the wives,</del> <ins>these women</ins> and <del>such as are born of them, according to</del> <ins>their children, in accordance with</ins> the counsel of my <del>lord,</del> <ins>lord</ins> and of those <del>that tremble at</del> <ins>who fear</ins> the <del>commandment</del> <ins>commands</ins> of our <del>God; and let</del> <ins>God. Let</ins> it be done according to the <del>law.</del> <ins>Law.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:4]</b> <del>Arise; for</del> <ins>Rise up;</ins> this matter <del>belongeth unto thee: we also</del> <ins>is in your hands. We</ins> will <del>be with thee: be of good courage,</del> <ins>support you, so take courage</ins> and do <del>it.</del> <ins>it."</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:5]</b> <del>Then arose Ezra,</del> <ins>So Ezra rose up</ins> and <del>made</del> <ins>put</ins> the <del>chief priests, the Levites,</del> <ins>leading priests and Levites</ins> and all <del>Israel,</del> <ins>Israel under oath</ins> to <del>swear that they should</del> do <del>according to this word.</del> <ins>what had been suggested.</ins> And they <del>sware.</del> <ins>took the oath.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:6]</b> Then Ezra <del>rose up</del> <ins>withdrew</ins> from before the house of <del>God,</del> <ins>God</ins> and went <del>into</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>chamber</del> <ins>room</ins> of <del>Johanan the</del> <ins>Jehohanan</ins> son of <del>Eliashib: and when</del> <ins>Eliashib. While</ins> he <del>came thither,</del> <ins>was there,</ins> he <del>did eat</del> <ins>ate</ins> no <del>bread, nor drink water: for he mourned</del> <ins>food and drank no water,</ins> because <ins>he continued to mourn over the unfaithfulness</ins> of the <del>transgression of them that had been carried away.</del> <ins>exiles.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:7]</b> <del>And they made</del> <ins>A</ins> proclamation <ins>was then issued</ins> throughout Judah and Jerusalem <del>unto</del> <ins>for</ins> all the <del>children of the captivity, that they should gather themselves together unto Jerusalem;</del> <ins>exiles to assemble in Jerusalem.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:8]</b> <del>And that whosoever would not come</del> <ins>Anyone who failed to appear</ins> within three <del>days, according to the counsel of the princes and the elders,</del> <ins>days would forfeit</ins> all his <del>substance should be forfeited,</del> <ins>property, in accordance with the decision of the officials</ins> and <ins>elders, and would</ins> himself <del>separated</del> <ins>be expelled</ins> from the <del>congregation</del> <ins>assembly</ins> of <del>those that had been carried away.</del> <ins>the exiles.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:9]</b> <del>Then</del> <ins>Within the three days,</ins> all the men of Judah and Benjamin <ins>had</ins> gathered <del>themselves together unto Jerusalem within three days. It was the ninth month,</del> <ins>in Jerusalem. And</ins> on the twentieth day of the <del>month; and</del> <ins>ninth month,</ins> all the people <del>sat</del> <ins>were sitting</ins> in the <del>street of</del> <ins>square before</ins> the house of God, <del>trembling</del> <ins>greatly distressed by the occasion and</ins> because of <del>this matter, and for</del> the <del>great</del> rain.</p><p><b>[Ezra 10:10]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> Ezra the priest stood <del>up,</del> <ins>up</ins> and said <del>unto them, Ye have transgressed, and have taken strange wives,</del> to <del>increase the trespass of Israel.</del> <ins>them, "You have been unfaithful; you have married foreign women, adding to Israel's guilt.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:11]</b> Now <del>therefore</del> make confession <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>LORD</del> <ins>LORD, the</ins> God of your fathers, and do his <del>pleasure: and separate</del> <ins>will. Separate</ins> yourselves from the <del>people of the land,</del> <ins>peoples around you</ins> and from <del>the strange wives.</del> <ins>your foreign wives."</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:12]</b> <del>Then all the congregation answered and said</del> <ins>The whole assembly responded</ins> with a loud <del>voice, As thou hast said, so</del> <ins>voice: "You are right! We</ins> must <del>we do.</del> <ins>do as you say.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:13]</b> But <del>the people</del> <ins>there</ins> are <del>many,</del> <ins>many people here</ins> and it is <del>a time of much rain, and</del> <ins>the rainy season; so</ins> we <del>are not able to</del> <ins>cannot</ins> stand <del>without, neither is</del> <ins>outside. Besides,</ins> this <del>a work</del> <ins>matter cannot be taken care</ins> of <del>one</del> <ins>in a</ins> day or <del>two: for</del> <ins>two, because</ins> we <del>are many that</del> have <del>transgressed</del> <ins>sinned greatly</ins> in this thing.</p><p><b>[Ezra 10:14]</b> Let <del>now</del> our <del>rulers of all</del> <ins>officials act for</ins> the <del>congregation stand, and</del> <ins>whole assembly. Then</ins> let <del>all them which have taken strange wives</del> <ins>everyone</ins> in our <del>cities</del> <ins>towns who has married a foreign woman</ins> come at <del>appointed times, and</del> <ins>a set time, along</ins> with <del>them</del> the elders <del>of every city,</del> and <del>the</del> judges <del>thereof,</del> <ins>of each town,</ins> until the fierce <del>wrath</del> <ins>anger</ins> of our God <del>for</del> <ins>in</ins> this matter <del>be</del> <ins>is</ins> turned <ins>away</ins> from <del>us.</del> <ins>us."</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:15]</b> Only Jonathan <del>the</del> son of Asahel and <del>Jahaziah the</del> <ins>Jahzeiah</ins> son of <del>Tikvah were employed about this matter: and</del> <ins>Tikvah, supported by</ins> Meshullam and Shabbethai the <del>Levite helped them.</del> <ins>Levite, opposed this.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:16]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>So</ins> the <del>children of the captivity</del> <ins>exiles</ins> did <del>so. And</del> <ins>as was proposed.</ins> Ezra the <del>priest, with certain chief of the fathers, after the house of their fathers,</del> <ins>priest selected men who were family heads, one from each family division,</ins> and all of them <ins>designated</ins> by <del>their names, were separated, and sat down in</del> <ins>name. On</ins> the first day of the tenth month <ins>they sat down</ins> to <del>examine</del> <ins>investigate</ins> the <del>matter.</del> <ins>cases,</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:17]</b> <del>And they made an end with all the men that had taken strange wives</del> <ins>and</ins> by the first day of the first <del>month.</del> <ins>month they finished dealing with all the men who had married foreign women.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:18]</b> <del>And among</del> <ins>Among</ins> the <del>sons</del> <ins>descendants</ins> of the <del>priests there were found that had taken strange wives: namely, of</del> <ins>priests,</ins> the <del>sons</del> <ins>following had married foreign women: From the descendants</ins> of Jeshua <del>the</del> son of Jozadak, and his <del>brethren;</del> <ins>brothers:</ins> Maaseiah, <del>and</del> Eliezer, <del>and Jarib,</del> <ins>Jarib</ins> and Gedaliah.</p><p><b>[Ezra 10:19]</b> <del>And they</del> <ins>(They all</ins> gave their hands <del>that they would</del> <ins>in pledge to</ins> put away their <del>wives;</del> <ins>wives,</ins> and <del>being guilty, they offered a ram of the flock</del> for their <del>trespass.</del> <ins>guilt they each presented a ram from the flock as a guilt offering.)</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:20]</b> <del>And of</del> <ins>From</ins> the <del>sons</del> <ins>descendants</ins> of <del>Immer; Hanani,</del> <ins>Immer: Hanani</ins> and Zebadiah.</p><p><b>[Ezra 10:21]</b> <del>And of</del> <ins>From</ins> the <del>sons</del> <ins>descendants</ins> of <del>Harim;</del> <ins>Harim:</ins> Maaseiah, <del>and</del> Elijah, <del>and</del> Shemaiah, <del>and Jehiel,</del> <ins>Jehiel</ins> and Uzziah.</p><p><b>[Ezra 10:22]</b> <del>And of</del> <ins>From</ins> the <del>sons</del> <ins>descendants</ins> of <del>Pashur;</del> <ins>Pashhur:</ins> Elioenai, Maaseiah, Ishmael, <del>Nethaneel, Jozabad,</del> <ins>Nethanel, Jozabad</ins> and Elasah.</p><p><b>[Ezra 10:23]</b> <del>Also of</del> <ins>Among</ins> the <del>Levites;</del> <ins>Levites:</ins> Jozabad, <del>and</del> Shimei, <del>and Kelaiah, (the same is Kelita,)</del> <ins>Kelaiah (that is, Kelita),</ins> Pethahiah, <del>Judah,</del> <ins>Judah</ins> and Eliezer.</p><p><b>[Ezra 10:24]</b> <del>Of</del> <ins>From</ins> the <del>singers also; Eliashib: and of</del> <ins>singers: Eliashib. From</ins> the <del>porters;</del> <ins>gatekeepers:</ins> Shallum, <del>and Telem,</del> <ins>Telem</ins> and Uri.</p><p><b>[Ezra 10:25]</b> <del>Moreover of Israel: of</del> <ins>And among</ins> the <del>sons</del> <ins>other Israelites: From the descendants</ins> of <del>Parosh;</del> <ins>Parosh:</ins> Ramiah, <del>and Jeziah, and Malchiah, and Miamin, and</del> <ins>Izziah, Malkijah, Mijamin,</ins> Eleazar, <del>and Malchijah,</del> <ins>Malkijah</ins> and Benaiah.</p><p><b>[Ezra 10:26]</b> <del>And of</del> <ins>From</ins> the <del>sons</del> <ins>descendants</ins> of <del>Elam;</del> <ins>Elam:</ins> Mattaniah, Zechariah, <del>and</del> Jehiel, <del>and</del> Abdi, <ins>Jeremoth</ins> and <del>Jeremoth, and Eliah.</del> <ins>Elijah.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:27]</b> <del>And of</del> <ins>From</ins> the <del>sons</del> <ins>descendants</ins> of <del>Zattu;</del> <ins>Zattu:</ins> Elioenai, Eliashib, Mattaniah, <del>and</del> Jeremoth, <del>and Zabad,</del> <ins>Zabad</ins> and Aziza.</p><p><b>[Ezra 10:28]</b> <del>Of</del> <ins>From</ins> the <del>sons also</del> <ins>descendants</ins> of <del>Bebai;</del> <ins>Bebai:</ins> Jehohanan, Hananiah, <del>Zabbai,</del> <ins>Zabbai</ins> and Athlai.</p><p><b>[Ezra 10:29]</b> <del>And of</del> <ins>From</ins> the <del>sons</del> <ins>descendants</ins> of <del>Bani;</del> <ins>Bani:</ins> Meshullam, Malluch, <del>and</del> Adaiah, Jashub, <ins>Sheal</ins> and <del>Sheal, and Ramoth.</del> <ins>Jeremoth.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:30]</b> <del>And of</del> <ins>From</ins> the <del>sons</del> <ins>descendants</ins> of <del>Pahathmoab;</del> <ins>Pahath-Moab:</ins> Adna, <del>and Chelal,</del> <ins>Kelal,</ins> Benaiah, Maaseiah, Mattaniah, <del>Bezaleel, and Binnui,</del> <ins>Bezalel, Binnui</ins> and Manasseh.</p><p><b>[Ezra 10:31]</b> <del>And of</del> <ins>From</ins> the <del>sons</del> <ins>descendants</ins> of <del>Harim;</del> <ins>Harim:</ins> Eliezer, Ishijah, <del>Malchiah,</del> <ins>Malkijah,</ins> Shemaiah, Shimeon,</p><p><b>[Ezra 10:32]</b> Benjamin, <del>Malluch,</del> <ins>Malluch</ins> and Shemariah.</p><p><b>[Ezra 10:33]</b> <del>Of</del> <ins>From</ins> the <del>sons</del> <ins>descendants</ins> of <del>Hashum;</del> <ins>Hashum:</ins> Mattenai, <del>Mattathah,</del> <ins>Mattattah,</ins> Zabad, Eliphelet, Jeremai, <del>Manasseh,</del> <ins>Manasseh</ins> and Shimei.</p><p><b>[Ezra 10:34]</b> <del>Of</del> <ins>From</ins> the <del>sons</del> <ins>descendants</ins> of <del>Bani;</del> <ins>Bani:</ins> Maadai, Amram, <del>and</del> Uel,</p><p><b>[Ezra 10:35]</b> Benaiah, Bedeiah, <del>Chelluh,</del> <ins>Keluhi,</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:37]</b> Mattaniah, <del>Mattenai,</del> <ins>Mattenai</ins> and <del>Jaasau,</del> <ins>Jaasu.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:38]</b> <del>And Bani, and Binnui,</del> <ins>From the descendants of Binnui:</ins> Shimei,</p><p><b>[Ezra 10:39]</b> <del>And</del> Shelemiah, <del>and</del> Nathan, <del>and</del> Adaiah,</p><p><b>[Ezra 10:40]</b> <del>Machnadebai,</del> <ins>Macnadebai,</ins> Shashai, Sharai,</p><p><b>[Ezra 10:41]</b> <del>Azareel, and</del> <ins>Azarel,</ins> Shelemiah, Shemariah,</p><p><b>[Ezra 10:42]</b> Shallum, <del>Amariah,</del> <ins>Amariah</ins> and Joseph.</p><p><b>[Ezra 10:43]</b> <del>Of</del> <ins>From</ins> the <del>sons</del> <ins>descendants</ins> of <del>Nebo;</del> <ins>Nebo:</ins> Jeiel, Mattithiah, Zabad, Zebina, <del>Jadau,</del> <ins>Jaddai, Joel</ins> and <del>Joel,</del> Benaiah.</p><p><b>[Ezra 10:44]</b> All these had <del>taken strange wives:</del> <ins>married foreign women,</ins> and some of them had <del>wives</del> <ins>children</ins> by <del>whom they had children.</del> <ins>these wives.</ins></p>