<p><b>[Galatians 1:1]</b> Paul, an <del>apostle, (not of men, neither</del> <ins>apostle--sent not from men nor</ins> by man, but by Jesus <del>Christ,</del> <ins>Christ</ins> and God the Father, who raised him from the <del>dead;)</del> <ins>dead--</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 1:2]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> all the <del>brethren which are</del> <ins>brothers</ins> with me, <del>unto</del> <ins>To</ins> the churches <del>of</del> <ins>in</ins> Galatia:</p><p><b>[Galatians 1:3]</b> Grace <del>be to you</del> and peace <ins>to you</ins> from God <del>the Father, and from</del> our <ins>Father and the</ins> Lord Jesus Christ,</p><p><b>[Galatians 1:4]</b> <del>Who</del> <ins>who</ins> gave himself for our <del>sins, that he might deliver</del> <ins>sins to rescue</ins> us from <del>this</del> <ins>the</ins> present evil <del>world,</del> <ins>age,</ins> according to the will of <ins>our</ins> God and <del>our Father:</del> <ins>Father,</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 1:5]</b> <del>To</del> <ins>to</ins> whom be glory for ever and ever. Amen.</p><p><b>[Galatians 1:6]</b> I <del>marvel</del> <ins>am astonished</ins> that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> are so <del>soon removed from him that</del> <ins>quickly deserting the one who</ins> called you <del>into</del> <ins>by</ins> the grace of Christ <del>unto another gospel:</del> <ins>and are turning to a different gospel--</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 1:7]</b> <del>Which</del> <ins>which</ins> is <del>not another; but there be</del> <ins>really no gospel at all. Evidently</ins> some <del>that trouble you,</del> <ins>people are throwing you into confusion</ins> and <del>would</del> <ins>are trying to</ins> pervert the gospel of Christ.</p><p><b>[Galatians 1:8]</b> But <del>though we,</del> <ins>even if we</ins> or an angel from <del>heaven,</del> <ins>heaven should</ins> preach <del>any other</del> <ins>a</ins> gospel <del>unto you</del> <ins>other</ins> than <del>that which</del> <ins>the one</ins> we <del>have</del> preached <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> you, let him be <del>accursed.</del> <ins>eternally condemned!</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 1:9]</b> As we <del>said before, so say I now again, if any man preach any other gospel unto you than that ye</del> have <del>received,</del> <ins>already said, so now I say again: If anybody is preaching to you a gospel other than what you accepted,</ins> let him be <del>accursed.</del> <ins>eternally condemned!</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 1:10]</b> <del>For do</del> <ins>Am</ins> I now <del>persuade</del> <ins>trying to win the approval of</ins> men, or <ins>of</ins> God? <del>or do</del> <ins>Or am</ins> I <del>seek</del> <ins>trying</ins> to please men? <del>for if</del> <ins>If</ins> I <del>yet pleased</del> <ins>were still trying to please</ins> men, I <del>should</del> <ins>would</ins> not be <del>the</del> <ins>a</ins> servant of Christ.</p><p><b>[Galatians 1:11]</b> <del>But</del> I <del>certify you, brethren,</del> <ins>want you to know, brothers,</ins> that the gospel <del>which was</del> <ins>I</ins> preached <del>of me</del> is not <del>after man.</del> <ins>something that man made up.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 1:12]</b> <del>For</del> I <del>neither received</del> <ins>did not receive</ins> it <del>of</del> <ins>from any</ins> man, <del>neither</del> <ins>nor</ins> was I taught <del>it, but</del> <ins>it; rather, I received it</ins> by <del>the</del> revelation <del>of</del> <ins>from</ins> Jesus Christ.</p><p><b>[Galatians 1:13]</b> For <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> have heard of my <del>conversation</del> <ins>previous way of life</ins> in <del>time past in the Jews' religion,</del> <ins>Judaism,</ins> how <del>that beyond measure</del> <ins>intensely</ins> I persecuted the church of <del>God,</del> <ins>God</ins> and <del>wasted it:</del> <ins>tried to destroy it.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 1:14]</b> <del>And profited</del> <ins>I was advancing</ins> in <del>the Jews' religion above</del> <ins>Judaism beyond</ins> many <del>my equals in mine own nation, being more exceedingly zealous</del> <ins>Jews</ins> of <ins>my own age and was extremely zealous for</ins> the traditions of my fathers.</p><p><b>[Galatians 1:15]</b> But when <del>it pleased</del> God, who <del>separated</del> <ins>set</ins> me <ins>apart</ins> from <del>my mother's womb,</del> <ins>birth</ins> and called me by his grace, <ins>was pleased</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 1:16]</b> <del>To</del> <ins>to</ins> reveal his Son in <del>me,</del> <ins>me so</ins> that I might preach him among the <del>heathen; immediately</del> <ins>Gentiles,</ins> I <del>conferred</del> <ins>did</ins> not <del>with flesh and blood:</del> <ins>consult any man,</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 1:17]</b> <del>Neither went</del> <ins>nor did</ins> I <ins>go</ins> up to Jerusalem to <del>them which</del> <ins>see those who</ins> were apostles before <del>me;</del> <ins>I was,</ins> but I went <ins>immediately</ins> into <del>Arabia,</del> <ins>Arabia</ins> and <ins>later</ins> returned <del>again unto</del> <ins>to</ins> Damascus.</p><p><b>[Galatians 1:18]</b> Then after three <del>years</del> <ins>years,</ins> I went up to Jerusalem to <del>see Peter,</del> <ins>get acquainted with Peter</ins> and <del>abode</del> <ins>stayed</ins> with him fifteen days.</p><p><b>[Galatians 1:19]</b> <del>But other</del> <ins>I saw none</ins> of the <del>apostles saw I none, save James</del> <ins>other apostles--only James,</ins> the Lord's brother.</p><p><b>[Galatians 1:20]</b> <del>Now the things which</del> I <del>write unto you, behold,</del> <ins>assure you</ins> before <del>God,</del> <ins>God that what</ins> I <del>lie not.</del> <ins>am writing you is no lie.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 1:21]</b> <del>Afterwards</del> <ins>Later</ins> I <del>came into the regions of</del> <ins>went to</ins> Syria and <del>Cilicia;</del> <ins>Cilicia.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 1:22]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>I</ins> was <ins>personally</ins> unknown <del>by face unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the churches of <del>Judaea which were</del> <ins>Judea that are</ins> in <del>Christ:</del> <ins>Christ.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 1:23]</b> <del>But they had</del> <ins>They only</ins> heard <del>only, That he which</del> <ins>the report: "The man who formerly</ins> persecuted us <del>in times past</del> <ins>is</ins> now <del>preacheth</del> <ins>preaching</ins> the faith <del>which once</del> he <del>destroyed.</del> <ins>once tried to destroy."</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 1:24]</b> And they <del>glorified</del> <ins>praised</ins> God <del>in</del> <ins>because of</ins> me.</p><p><b>[Galatians 2:1]</b> <del>Then fourteen</del> <ins>Fourteen</ins> years <del>after</del> <ins>later</ins> I went up again to <del>Jerusalem</del> <ins>Jerusalem, this time</ins> with <del>Barnabas, and</del> <ins>Barnabas. I</ins> took Titus <del>with me</del> <ins>along</ins> also.</p><p><b>[Galatians 2:2]</b> <del>And</del> I went <del>up by revelation,</del> <ins>in response to a revelation</ins> and <del>communicated unto</del> <ins>set before</ins> them <del>that</del> <ins>the</ins> gospel <del>which</del> <ins>that</ins> I preach among the <del>Gentiles, but</del> <ins>Gentiles. But I did this</ins> privately to <del>them which were of reputation, lest by any means</del> <ins>those who seemed to be leaders, for fear that</ins> I <del>should run,</del> <ins>was running</ins> or had <del>run,</del> <ins>run my race</ins> in vain.</p><p><b>[Galatians 2:3]</b> <del>But neither</del> <ins>Yet not even</ins> Titus, who was with me, <del>being a Greek,</del> was compelled to be <del>circumcised:</del> <ins>circumcised, even though he was a Greek.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 2:4]</b> <del>And that</del> <ins>This matter arose</ins> because <del>of</del> <ins>some</ins> false <del>brethren unawares brought in, who came in privily</del> <ins>brothers had infiltrated our ranks</ins> to spy <del>out our liberty which</del> <ins>on the freedom</ins> we have in Christ <del>Jesus, that they might bring</del> <ins>Jesus and to make</ins> us <del>into bondage:</del> <ins>slaves.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 2:5]</b> <del>To whom we gave place by subjection, no,</del> <ins>We did</ins> not <ins>give in to them</ins> for <del>an hour;</del> <ins>a moment, so</ins> that the truth of the gospel might <del>continue</del> <ins>remain</ins> with you.</p><p><b>[Galatians 2:6]</b> <del>But of these</del> <ins>As for those</ins> who seemed to be <del>somewhat, (whatsoever</del> <ins>important--whatever</ins> they <del>were, it maketh</del> <ins>were makes</ins> no <del>matter</del> <ins>difference</ins> to <del>me:</del> <ins>me;</ins> God <del>accepteth no man's person:) for they who seemed to be somewhat in conference</del> <ins>does not judge by external appearance--those men</ins> added nothing to <del>me:</del> <ins>my message.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 2:7]</b> <del>But contrariwise, when</del> <ins>On the contrary,</ins> they saw that <ins>I had been entrusted with the task of preaching</ins> the gospel <del>of</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>uncircumcision was committed unto me,</del> <ins>Gentiles, just</ins> as <ins>Peter had been to</ins> the <del>gospel of the circumcision was unto Peter;</del> <ins>Jews.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 2:8]</b> <del>(For he that wrought effectually</del> <ins>For God, who was at work</ins> in <ins>the ministry of</ins> Peter <ins>as an apostle</ins> to the <del>apostleship of the circumcision, the same</del> <ins>Jews,</ins> was <del>mighty</del> <ins>also at work</ins> in <del>me toward</del> <ins>my ministry as an apostle to</ins> the <del>Gentiles:)</del> <ins>Gentiles.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 2:9]</b> <del>And when</del> James, <del>Cephas,</del> <ins>Peter</ins> and John, <del>who seemed</del> <ins>those reputed</ins> to be pillars, <del>perceived the grace that was given unto me, they</del> gave <del>to</del> me and Barnabas the right <del>hands</del> <ins>hand</ins> of <del>fellowship;</del> <ins>fellowship when they recognized the grace given to me. They agreed</ins> that we should go <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>heathen,</del> <ins>Gentiles,</ins> and they <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>circumcision.</del> <ins>Jews.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 2:10]</b> <del>Only</del> <ins>All</ins> they <del>would</del> <ins>asked was</ins> that we should <ins>continue to</ins> remember the <del>poor;</del> <ins>poor,</ins> the <del>same which</del> <ins>very thing</ins> I <del>also</del> was <del>forward</del> <ins>eager</ins> to do.</p><p><b>[Galatians 2:11]</b> <del>But when</del> <ins>When</ins> Peter <del>was come</del> <ins>came</ins> to Antioch, I <del>withstood</del> <ins>opposed</ins> him to <del>the</del> <ins>his</ins> face, because he was <del>to be blamed.</del> <ins>clearly in the wrong.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 2:12]</b> <del>For before that</del> <ins>Before</ins> certain <ins>men</ins> came from James, he <del>did</del> <ins>used to</ins> eat with the <del>Gentiles: but</del> <ins>Gentiles. But</ins> when they <del>were come,</del> <ins>arrived,</ins> he <del>withdrew</del> <ins>began to draw back</ins> and <del>separated himself, fearing them which were of</del> <ins>separate himself from</ins> the <del>circumcision.</del> <ins>Gentiles because he was afraid of those who belonged to the circumcision group.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 2:13]</b> <del>And the</del> <ins>The</ins> other Jews <del>dissembled likewise with him; insomuch</del> <ins>joined him in his hypocrisy, so</ins> that <del>Barnabas also was carried away with</del> <ins>by</ins> their <del>dissimulation.</del> <ins>hypocrisy even Barnabas was led astray.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 2:14]</b> <del>But when</del> <ins>When</ins> I saw that they <del>walked</del> <ins>were</ins> not <del>uprightly according to</del> <ins>acting in line with</ins> the truth of the gospel, I said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> Peter <del>before</del> <ins>in front of</ins> them all, <del>If thou, being</del> <ins>"You are</ins> a Jew, <del>livest after the manner of Gentiles,</del> <ins>yet you live like a Gentile</ins> and not <del>as do the Jews, why compellest thou the</del> <ins>like a Jew. How is it, then, that you force</ins> Gentiles to <del>live as do the Jews?</del> <ins>follow Jewish customs?</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 2:15]</b> <del>We</del> <ins>"We</ins> who are Jews by <del>nature,</del> <ins>birth</ins> and not <del>sinners of the Gentiles,</del> <ins>'Gentile sinners'</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 2:16]</b> <del>Knowing</del> <ins>know</ins> that a man is not justified by <del>the works of</del> <ins>observing</ins> the law, but by <del>the</del> faith <del>of Jesus Christ, even we have believed</del> in Jesus <del>Christ,</del> <ins>Christ. So we, too, have put our faith in Christ Jesus</ins> that we <del>might</del> <ins>may</ins> be justified by <del>the</del> faith <del>of Christ,</del> <ins>in Christ</ins> and not by <ins>observing</ins> the <del>works of the law: for</del> <ins>law, because</ins> by <del>the works of</del> <ins>observing</ins> the law <del>shall</del> no <del>flesh</del> <ins>one will</ins> be justified.</p><p><b>[Galatians 2:17]</b> <del>But if,</del> <ins>"If,</ins> while we seek to be justified <del>by</del> <ins>in</ins> Christ, <ins>it becomes evident that</ins> we ourselves <del>also</del> are <del>found</del> sinners, <del>is therefore</del> <ins>does that mean that</ins> Christ <del>the minister of</del> <ins>promotes</ins> sin? <del>God forbid.</del> <ins>Absolutely not!</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 2:18]</b> <del>For if</del> <ins>If</ins> I <del>build again the things which</del> <ins>rebuild what</ins> I destroyed, I <del>make myself</del> <ins>prove that I am</ins> a <del>transgressor.</del> <ins>lawbreaker.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 2:19]</b> For <del>I</del> through the law <del>am dead</del> <ins>I died</ins> to the <del>law,</del> <ins>law so</ins> that I might live <del>unto</del> <ins>for</ins> God.</p><p><b>[Galatians 2:20]</b> I <del>am</del> <ins>have been</ins> crucified with <del>Christ: nevertheless</del> <ins>Christ and</ins> I <del>live; yet not I,</del> <ins>no longer live,</ins> but Christ <del>liveth</del> <ins>lives</ins> in <del>me: and the</del> <ins>me. The</ins> life <del>which</del> I <del>now</del> live in the <del>flesh</del> <ins>body,</ins> I live by <del>the</del> faith <del>of</del> <ins>in</ins> the Son of God, who loved <del>me,</del> <ins>me</ins> and gave himself for me.</p><p><b>[Galatians 2:21]</b> I do not <del>frustrate</del> <ins>set aside</ins> the grace of <del>God:</del> <ins>God,</ins> for if righteousness <del>come by</del> <ins>could be gained through</ins> the law, <del>then</del> Christ <del>is dead in vain.</del> <ins>died for nothing!"</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 3:1]</b> <del>O</del> <ins>You</ins> foolish <del>Galatians, who hath</del> <ins>Galatians! Who has</ins> bewitched <del>you, that ye should not obey the truth, before whose</del> <ins>you? Before your very</ins> eyes Jesus Christ <del>hath been evidently set forth, crucified among you?</del> <ins>was clearly portrayed as crucified.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 3:2]</b> <del>This only would</del> I <ins>would like to</ins> learn <del>of you, Received ye</del> <ins>just one thing from you: Did you receive</ins> the Spirit by <del>the works of</del> <ins>observing</ins> the law, or by <del>the hearing of faith?</del> <ins>believing what you heard?</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 3:3]</b> Are <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> so foolish? <del>having begun in</del> <ins>After beginning with</ins> the Spirit, are <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> now <del>made perfect</del> <ins>trying to attain your goal</ins> by <del>the flesh?</del> <ins>human effort?</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 3:4]</b> Have <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> suffered so <del>many things in vain? if</del> <ins>much for nothing--if</ins> it <del>be yet in vain.</del> <ins>really was for nothing?</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 3:5]</b> <del>He therefore that ministereth to</del> <ins>Does God give</ins> you <del>the Spirit,</del> <ins>his Spirit</ins> and <del>worketh</del> <ins>work</ins> miracles among <del>you, doeth he it by the works of</del> <ins>you because you observe</ins> the law, or <del>by the hearing of faith?</del> <ins>because you believe what you heard?</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 3:6]</b> <del>Even as Abraham</del> <ins>Consider Abraham: "He</ins> believed God, and it was <del>accounted</del> <ins>credited</ins> to him <del>for righteousness.</del> <ins>as righteousness."</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 3:7]</b> <del>Know ye therefore</del> <ins>Understand, then,</ins> that <del>they which</del> <ins>those who believe</ins> are <del>of faith, the same are the</del> children of Abraham.</p><p><b>[Galatians 3:8]</b> <del>And the scripture, foreseeing</del> <ins>The Scripture foresaw</ins> that God would justify the <del>heathen through</del> <ins>Gentiles by</ins> faith, <del>preached before</del> <ins>and announced</ins> the gospel <del>unto Abraham, saying, In thee shall all</del> <ins>in advance to Abraham: "All</ins> nations <ins>will</ins> be <del>blessed.</del> <ins>blessed through you."</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 3:9]</b> So <del>then they which be of</del> <ins>those who have</ins> faith are blessed <ins>along</ins> with <del>faithful Abraham.</del> <ins>Abraham, the man of faith.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 3:10]</b> <del>For as many as are of the works of</del> <ins>All who rely on observing</ins> the law are under <del>the curse:</del> <ins>a curse,</ins> for it is <del>written, Cursed</del> <ins>written: "Cursed</ins> is <del>every one that continueth</del> <ins>everyone who does</ins> not <del>in all things which are</del> <ins>continue to do everything</ins> written in the <del>book</del> <ins>Book</ins> of the <del>law to do them.</del> <ins>Law."</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 3:11]</b> <del>But that</del> <ins>Clearly</ins> no <del>man</del> <ins>one</ins> is justified <ins>before God</ins> by the <del>law in the sight of God, it is evident: for, The just shall</del> <ins>law, because, "The righteous will</ins> live by <del>faith.</del> <ins>faith."</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 3:12]</b> <del>And the</del> <ins>The</ins> law is not <del>of faith: but, The</del> <ins>based on faith; on the contrary, "The</ins> man <del>that doeth them shall</del> <ins>who does these things will</ins> live <del>in them.</del> <ins>by them."</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 3:13]</b> Christ <del>hath</del> redeemed us from the curse of the <del>law, being made</del> <ins>law by becoming</ins> a curse for <del>us:</del> <ins>us,</ins> for it is <del>written, Cursed</del> <ins>written: "Cursed</ins> is <del>every one that hangeth</del> <ins>everyone who is hung</ins> on a <del>tree:</del> <ins>tree."</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 3:14]</b> <del>That</del> <ins>He redeemed us in order that</ins> the blessing <del>of</del> <ins>given to</ins> Abraham might come <del>on</del> <ins>to</ins> the Gentiles through <del>Jesus Christ;</del> <ins>Christ Jesus, so</ins> that <ins>by faith</ins> we might receive the promise of the <del>Spirit through faith.</del> <ins>Spirit.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 3:15]</b> <del>Brethren, I speak after the manner of men; Though it be but a man's covenant, yet if it be confirmed,</del> <ins>Brothers, let me take an example from everyday life. Just as</ins> no <del>man disannulleth,</del> <ins>one can set aside</ins> or <del>addeth thereto.</del> <ins>add to a human covenant that has been duly established, so it is in this case.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 3:16]</b> <del>Now</del> <ins>The promises were spoken</ins> to Abraham and <del>his seed were the promises made. He saith not, And</del> to <del>seeds, as of many; but as of one, And</del> <ins>his seed. The Scripture does not say "and</ins> to <del>thy seed, which</del> <ins>seeds," meaning many people, but "and to your seed," meaning one person, who</ins> is Christ.</p><p><b>[Galatians 3:17]</b> <del>And this</del> <ins>What</ins> I <del>say, that the covenant, that was confirmed before of God in Christ, the</del> <ins>mean is this: The</ins> law, <del>which was four hundred and thirty</del> <ins>introduced 430</ins> years <del>after, cannot disannul, that it should make</del> <ins>later, does not set aside</ins> the <del>promise of none effect.</del> <ins>covenant previously established by God and thus do away with the promise.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 3:18]</b> For if the inheritance <del>be of</del> <ins>depends on</ins> the law, <ins>then</ins> it <del>is</del> no <del>more of promise:</del> <ins>longer depends on a promise;</ins> but God <ins>in his grace</ins> gave it to Abraham <del>by</del> <ins>through a</ins> promise.</p><p><b>[Galatians 3:19]</b> <del>Wherefore then serveth</del> <ins>What, then, was the purpose of</ins> the law? It was added because of <del>transgressions, till</del> <ins>transgressions until</ins> the <del>seed should come</del> <ins>Seed</ins> to whom the promise <ins>referred had come. The law</ins> was <del>made; and it was ordained by</del> <ins>put into effect through</ins> angels <del>in the hand of</del> <ins>by</ins> a mediator.</p><p><b>[Galatians 3:20]</b> <del>Now a mediator is</del> <ins>A mediator, however, does</ins> not <del>a mediator of one,</del> <ins>represent just one party;</ins> but God is one.</p><p><b>[Galatians 3:21]</b> Is the <del>law then against</del> <ins>law, therefore, opposed to</ins> the promises of God? <del>God forbid: for</del> <ins>Absolutely not! For</ins> if <del>there had been</del> a law <del>given which could have given life, verily righteousness should have</del> <ins>had</ins> been <ins>given that could impart life, then righteousness would certainly have come</ins> by the law.</p><p><b>[Galatians 3:22]</b> But the <del>scripture hath concluded all under sin,</del> <ins>Scripture declares</ins> that the <del>promise by faith</del> <ins>whole world is a prisoner</ins> of <ins>sin, so that what was promised, being given through faith in</ins> Jesus <del>Christ</del> <ins>Christ,</ins> might be given to <del>them that</del> <ins>those who</ins> believe.</p><p><b>[Galatians 3:23]</b> <del>But before</del> <ins>Before this</ins> faith came, we were <del>kept under</del> <ins>held prisoners by</ins> the law, <del>shut</del> <ins>locked</ins> up <del>unto the</del> <ins>until</ins> faith <del>which</del> should <del>afterwards</del> be revealed.</p><p><b>[Galatians 3:24]</b> <del>Wherefore</del> <ins>So</ins> the law was <del>our schoolmaster</del> <ins>put in charge</ins> to <del>bring</del> <ins>lead</ins> us <del>unto Christ,</del> <ins>to Christ</ins> that we might be justified by faith.</p><p><b>[Galatians 3:25]</b> <del>But after</del> <ins>Now</ins> that faith <del>is</del> <ins>has</ins> come, we are no longer under <del>a schoolmaster.</del> <ins>the supervision of the law.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 3:26]</b> <del>For ye</del> <ins>You</ins> are all <del>the children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of God <del>by</del> <ins>through</ins> faith in Christ <del>Jesus.</del> <ins>Jesus,</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 3:27]</b> <del>For as many</del> <ins>for all</ins> of you <del>as have been</del> <ins>who were</ins> baptized into Christ have <del>put on</del> <ins>clothed yourselves with</ins> Christ.</p><p><b>[Galatians 3:28]</b> There is neither Jew nor Greek, <del>there is neither bond</del> <ins>slave</ins> nor free, <del>there is neither</del> male nor <del>female:</del> <ins>female,</ins> for <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> are all one in Christ Jesus.</p><p><b>[Galatians 3:29]</b> <del>And if ye be Christ's,</del> <ins>If you belong to Christ,</ins> then <ins>you</ins> are <del>ye</del> Abraham's seed, and heirs according to the promise.</p><p><b>[Galatians 4:1]</b> <del>Now</del> <ins>What</ins> I <del>say, That the heir,</del> <ins>am saying is that</ins> as long as <del>he</del> <ins>the heir</ins> is a child, <del>differeth nothing</del> <ins>he is no different</ins> from a <del>servant, though</del> <ins>slave, although</ins> he <del>be lord of all;</del> <ins>owns the whole estate.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 4:2]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>He</ins> is <del>under tutors</del> <ins>subject to guardians</ins> and <del>governors</del> <ins>trustees</ins> until the time <del>appointed of the</del> <ins>set by his</ins> father.</p><p><b>[Galatians 4:3]</b> <del>Even so we,</del> <ins>So also,</ins> when we were children, <ins>we</ins> were in <del>bondage</del> <ins>slavery</ins> under the <del>elements</del> <ins>basic principles</ins> of the <del>world:</del> <ins>world.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 4:4]</b> But when the <del>fulness of the</del> time <del>was</del> <ins>had fully</ins> come, God sent <del>forth</del> his Son, <del>made</del> <ins>born</ins> of a woman, <del>made</del> <ins>born</ins> under <del>the</del> law,</p><p><b>[Galatians 4:5]</b> <del>To</del> <ins>to</ins> redeem <del>them that were</del> <ins>those</ins> under <del>the</del> law, that we might receive the <del>adoption</del> <ins>full rights</ins> of sons.</p><p><b>[Galatians 4:6]</b> <del>And because ye</del> <ins>Because you</ins> are sons, God <del>hath</del> sent <del>forth</del> the Spirit of his Son into <del>your</del> <ins>our</ins> hearts, <del>crying, Abba, Father.</del> <ins>the Spirit who calls out, "Abba, Father."</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 4:7]</b> <del>Wherefore thou art</del> <ins>So you are</ins> no <del>more</del> <ins>longer</ins> a <del>servant,</del> <ins>slave,</ins> but a son; and <del>if</del> <ins>since you are</ins> a son, <del>then an heir of</del> God <del>through Christ.</del> <ins>has made you also an heir.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 4:8]</b> <del>Howbeit then,</del> <ins>Formerly,</ins> when <del>ye knew not God, ye</del> <ins>you</ins> did <del>service unto them which</del> <ins>not know God, you were slaves to those who</ins> by nature are <del>no</del> <ins>not</ins> gods.</p><p><b>[Galatians 4:9]</b> But <del>now, after</del> <ins>now</ins> that <del>ye have known God, or</del> <ins>you know God--or</ins> rather are known <del>of God, how turn ye again</del> <ins>by God--how is it that you are turning back</ins> to <del>the</del> <ins>those</ins> weak and <del>beggarly elements, whereunto ye desire again</del> <ins>miserable principles? Do you wish</ins> to be <del>in bondage?</del> <ins>enslaved by them all over again?</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 4:10]</b> <del>Ye observe days,</del> <ins>You are observing special days</ins> and <del>months,</del> <ins>months</ins> and <del>times,</del> <ins>seasons</ins> and <del>years.</del> <ins>years!</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 4:11]</b> I <del>am afraid of</del> <ins>fear for</ins> you, <del>lest</del> <ins>that somehow</ins> I have <del>bestowed upon you labour in vain.</del> <ins>wasted my efforts on you.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 4:12]</b> <del>Brethren,</del> I <del>beseech</del> <ins>plead with</ins> you, <del>be as I am;</del> <ins>brothers, become like me,</ins> for I <del>am as ye are: ye</del> <ins>became like you. You</ins> have <del>not injured</del> <ins>done</ins> me <del>at all.</del> <ins>no wrong.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 4:13]</b> <del>Ye know how through infirmity</del> <ins>As you know, it was because</ins> of <del>the flesh</del> <ins>an illness that</ins> I <ins>first</ins> preached the gospel <del>unto you at the first.</del> <ins>to you.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 4:14]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Even though</ins> my <del>temptation which</del> <ins>illness</ins> was <del>in my flesh ye despised not, nor rejected; but received</del> <ins>a trial to you, you did not treat me with contempt or scorn. Instead, you welcomed</ins> me as <ins>if I were</ins> an angel of God, <del>even</del> as <ins>if I were</ins> Christ <del>Jesus.</del> <ins>Jesus himself.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 4:15]</b> <del>Where is then the blessedness ye spake of? for</del> <ins>What has happened to all your joy?</ins> I <del>bear you record,</del> <ins>can testify</ins> that, if <del>it had been possible, ye</del> <ins>you could have done so, you</ins> would have <del>plucked</del> <ins>torn</ins> out your <del>own eyes,</del> <ins>eyes</ins> and <del>have</del> given them to me.</p><p><b>[Galatians 4:16]</b> <del>Am</del> <ins>Have</ins> I <del>therefore</del> <ins>now</ins> become your <del>enemy, because I tell</del> <ins>enemy by telling</ins> you the truth?</p><p><b>[Galatians 4:17]</b> <del>They zealously affect you,</del> <ins>Those people are zealous to win you over,</ins> but <del>not well; yea,</del> <ins>for no good. What</ins> they <del>would exclude you,</del> <ins>want is to alienate you from us, so</ins> that <del>ye might affect</del> <ins>you may be zealous for</ins> them.</p><p><b>[Galatians 4:18]</b> <del>But it</del> <ins>It</ins> is <del>good</del> <ins>fine</ins> to be <del>zealously affected</del> <ins>zealous, provided the purpose is good, and to be so</ins> always <del>in a good thing,</del> and not <del>only</del> <ins>just</ins> when I am <del>present</del> with you.</p><p><b>[Galatians 4:19]</b> My <del>little</del> <ins>dear</ins> children, <del>of</del> <ins>for</ins> whom I <del>travail in birth</del> <ins>am</ins> again <ins>in the pains of childbirth</ins> until Christ <del>be</del> <ins>is</ins> formed in you,</p><p><b>[Galatians 4:20]</b> <ins>how</ins> I <del>desire to</del> <ins>wish I could</ins> be <del>present</del> with you <del>now,</del> <ins>now</ins> and <del>to</del> change my <del>voice; for</del> <ins>tone, because</ins> I <del>stand in doubt of you.</del> <ins>am perplexed about you!</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 4:21]</b> Tell me, <del>ye that desire</del> <ins>you who want</ins> to be under the law, <del>do ye</del> <ins>are you</ins> not <del>hear</del> <ins>aware of what</ins> the <del>law?</del> <ins>law says?</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 4:22]</b> For it is <del>written,</del> <ins>written</ins> that Abraham had two sons, <del>the</del> one by <del>a bondmaid,</del> <ins>the slave woman and</ins> the other by <del>a freewoman.</del> <ins>the free woman.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 4:23]</b> <del>But he who was of</del> <ins>His son by</ins> the <del>bondwoman</del> <ins>slave woman</ins> was born <del>after</del> <ins>in</ins> the <del>flesh;</del> <ins>ordinary way;</ins> but <del>he of the freewoman was</del> <ins>his son</ins> by <ins>the free woman was born as the result of a</ins> promise.</p><p><b>[Galatians 4:24]</b> <del>Which</del> <ins>These</ins> things <del>are an allegory:</del> <ins>may be taken figuratively,</ins> for <del>these are</del> the <ins>women represent</ins> two <del>covenants; the one from the mount Sinai, which gendereth to bondage, which</del> <ins>covenants. One covenant</ins> is <del>Agar.</del> <ins>from Mount Sinai and bears children who are to be slaves: This is Hagar.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 4:25]</b> <del>For this Agar is mount</del> <ins>Now Hagar stands for Mount</ins> Sinai in <del>Arabia,</del> <ins>Arabia</ins> and <del>answereth</del> <ins>corresponds</ins> to <del>Jerusalem which now is, and</del> <ins>the present city of Jerusalem, because she</ins> is in <del>bondage</del> <ins>slavery</ins> with her children.</p><p><b>[Galatians 4:26]</b> But <ins>the</ins> Jerusalem <del>which</del> <ins>that</ins> is above is free, <del>which</del> <ins>and she</ins> is <del>the mother of us all.</del> <ins>our mother.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 4:27]</b> For it is <del>written, Rejoice, thou</del> <ins>written: "Be glad, O</ins> barren <del>that bearest not;</del> <ins>woman, who bears no children;</ins> break forth and <del>cry, thou that travailest not: for</del> <ins>cry aloud, you who have no labor pains; because more are the children of</ins> the desolate <del>hath many more children</del> <ins>woman</ins> than <del>she which hath an husband.</del> <ins>of her who has a husband."</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 4:28]</b> Now <del>we, brethren, as Isaac was,</del> <ins>you, brothers, like Isaac,</ins> are <del>the</del> children of promise.</p><p><b>[Galatians 4:29]</b> <del>But as then he</del> <ins>At</ins> that <del>was born after</del> <ins>time</ins> the <del>flesh persecuted him that was</del> <ins>son</ins> born <del>after</del> <ins>in</ins> the <del>Spirit, even so it</del> <ins>ordinary way persecuted the son born by the power of the Spirit. It</ins> is <ins>the same</ins> now.</p><p><b>[Galatians 4:30]</b> <del>Nevertheless</del> <ins>But</ins> what <del>saith</del> <ins>does</ins> the <del>scripture? Cast out the bondwoman and her son: for the son</del> <ins>Scripture say? "Get rid</ins> of the <del>bondwoman shall not be heir</del> <ins>slave woman and her son, for the slave woman's son will never share in the inheritance</ins> with the <del>son of the freewoman.</del> <ins>free woman's son."</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 4:31]</b> <del>So then, brethren,</del> <ins>Therefore, brothers,</ins> we are not children of the <del>bondwoman,</del> <ins>slave woman,</ins> but of the <del>free.</del> <ins>free woman.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 5:1]</b> <del>Stand fast therefore in the liberty wherewith</del> <ins>It is for freedom that</ins> Christ <del>hath made</del> <ins>has set</ins> us <del>free,</del> <ins>free. Stand firm, then,</ins> and <del>be</del> <ins>do</ins> not <del>entangled</del> <ins>let yourselves be burdened</ins> again <del>with the</del> <ins>by a</ins> yoke of <del>bondage.</del> <ins>slavery.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 5:2]</b> <del>Behold, I Paul say unto you,</del> <ins>Mark my words! I, Paul, tell you</ins> that if <del>ye</del> <ins>you let yourselves</ins> be circumcised, Christ <del>shall profit</del> <ins>will be of no value to</ins> you <del>nothing.</del> <ins>at all.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 5:3]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>Again</ins> I <del>testify again</del> <ins>declare</ins> to every man <del>that is circumcised,</del> <ins>who lets himself be circumcised</ins> that he is <del>a debtor</del> <ins>obligated</ins> to <del>do</del> <ins>obey</ins> the whole law.</p><p><b>[Galatians 5:4]</b> <del>Christ is become of no effect unto you, whosoever of you</del> <ins>You who</ins> are <ins>trying to be</ins> justified by <del>the law; ye are</del> <ins>law have been alienated from Christ; you have</ins> fallen <ins>away</ins> from grace.</p><p><b>[Galatians 5:5]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>But by faith</ins> we <ins>eagerly await</ins> through the Spirit <del>wait for</del> the <del>hope of</del> righteousness <del>by faith.</del> <ins>for which we hope.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 5:6]</b> For in <del>Jesus</del> Christ <ins>Jesus</ins> neither circumcision <del>availeth any thing,</del> nor <del>uncircumcision; but</del> <ins>uncircumcision has any value. The only thing that counts is</ins> faith <del>which worketh by</del> <ins>expressing itself through</ins> love.</p><p><b>[Galatians 5:7]</b> <del>Ye did run well; who did hinder</del> <ins>You were running a good race. Who cut in on</ins> you <del>that ye should not obey</del> <ins>and kept you from obeying</ins> the truth?</p><p><b>[Galatians 5:8]</b> <del>This persuasion cometh not</del> <ins>That kind</ins> of <del>him that calleth</del> <ins>persuasion does not come from the one who calls</ins> you.</p><p><b>[Galatians 5:9]</b> <del>A</del> <ins>"A</ins> little <del>leaven leaveneth</del> <ins>yeast works through</ins> the whole <del>lump.</del> <ins>batch of dough."</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 5:10]</b> I <del>have confidence</del> <ins>am confident</ins> in <del>you through</del> the <del>Lord,</del> <ins>Lord</ins> that <del>ye will be none otherwise minded: but he that troubleth</del> you <del>shall bear his judgment, whosoever</del> <ins>will take no other view. The one who is throwing you into confusion will pay the penalty, whoever</ins> he <ins>may</ins> be.</p><p><b>[Galatians 5:11]</b> <del>And I, brethren,</del> <ins>Brothers,</ins> if I <del>yet preach</del> <ins>am still preaching</ins> circumcision, why <del>do</del> <ins>am</ins> I <del>yet suffer persecution? then is</del> <ins>still being persecuted? In that case</ins> the <del>offence</del> <ins>offense</ins> of the cross <del>ceased.</del> <ins>has been abolished.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 5:12]</b> <ins>As for those agitators,</ins> I <del>would</del> <ins>wish</ins> they <del>were even cut off which trouble you.</del> <ins>would go the whole way and emasculate themselves!</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 5:13]</b> <del>For, brethren, ye have been</del> <ins>You, my brothers, were</ins> called <del>unto liberty; only use not liberty for an occasion</del> to <ins>be free. But do not use your freedom to indulge</ins> the <del>flesh, but by love</del> <ins>sinful nature; rather,</ins> serve one <del>another.</del> <ins>another in love.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 5:14]</b> <del>For all the</del> <ins>The entire</ins> law is <del>fulfilled</del> <ins>summed up</ins> in <del>one word, even in this; Thou shalt love thy neighbour</del> <ins>a single command: "Love your neighbor</ins> as <del>thyself.</del> <ins>yourself."</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 5:15]</b> <del>But if ye bite</del> <ins>If you keep on biting</ins> and <del>devour one another, take heed that ye</del> <ins>devouring each other, watch out or you will</ins> be <del>not consumed one of another.</del> <ins>destroyed by each other.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 5:16]</b> <del>This</del> <ins>So</ins> I <del>say then, Walk in</del> <ins>say, live by</ins> the Spirit, and <del>ye shall</del> <ins>you will</ins> not <del>fulfil</del> <ins>gratify</ins> the <del>lust</del> <ins>desires</ins> of the <del>flesh.</del> <ins>sinful nature.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 5:17]</b> For the <del>flesh lusteth against</del> <ins>sinful nature desires what is contrary to</ins> the Spirit, and the Spirit <del>against the flesh: and these are</del> <ins>what is</ins> contrary <del>the one</del> to the <del>other:</del> <ins>sinful nature. They are in conflict with each other,</ins> so that <del>ye cannot</del> <ins>you</ins> do <del>the things that ye would.</del> <ins>not do what you want.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 5:18]</b> But if <del>ye be</del> <ins>you are</ins> led <del>of</del> <ins>by</ins> the Spirit, <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> are not under <del>the</del> law.</p><p><b>[Galatians 5:19]</b> <del>Now the works</del> <ins>The acts</ins> of the <del>flesh</del> <ins>sinful nature</ins> are <del>manifest, which are these; Adultery, fornication, uncleanness, lasciviousness,</del> <ins>obvious: sexual immorality, impurity and debauchery;</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 5:20]</b> <del>Idolatry, witchcraft,</del> <ins>idolatry and witchcraft;</ins> hatred, <del>variance, emulations, wrath, strife, seditions, heresies,</del> <ins>discord, jealousy, fits of rage, selfish ambition, dissensions, factions</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 5:21]</b> <del>Envyings, murders, drunkenness, revellings,</del> and <del>such like: of</del> <ins>envy; drunkenness, orgies, and</ins> the <del>which</del> <ins>like.</ins> I <del>tell you before,</del> <ins>warn you,</ins> as I <del>have also told you in time past,</del> <ins>did before,</ins> that <del>they which do such things shall</del> <ins>those who live like this will</ins> not inherit the kingdom of God.</p><p><b>[Galatians 5:22]</b> But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, <del>longsuffering, gentleness,</del> <ins>patience, kindness,</ins> goodness, <del>faith,</del> <ins>faithfulness,</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 5:23]</b> <del>Meekness, temperance: against</del> <ins>gentleness and self-control. Against</ins> such <ins>things</ins> there is no law.</p><p><b>[Galatians 5:24]</b> <del>And they that are Christ's</del> <ins>Those who belong to Christ Jesus</ins> have crucified the <del>flesh</del> <ins>sinful nature</ins> with <del>the affections</del> <ins>its passions</ins> and <del>lusts.</del> <ins>desires.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 5:25]</b> <del>If</del> <ins>Since</ins> we live <del>in</del> <ins>by</ins> the Spirit, let us <del>also walk</del> <ins>keep</ins> in <ins>step with</ins> the Spirit.</p><p><b>[Galatians 5:26]</b> Let us not <del>be desirous of vain glory,</del> <ins>become conceited,</ins> provoking <del>one another,</del> <ins>and</ins> envying <del>one another.</del> <ins>each other.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 6:1]</b> <del>Brethren,</del> <ins>Brothers,</ins> if <del>a man be overtaken</del> <ins>someone is caught</ins> in a <del>fault, ye which</del> <ins>sin, you who</ins> are <del>spiritual,</del> <ins>spiritual should</ins> restore <del>such an one in the spirit of meekness; considering thyself, lest thou</del> <ins>him gently. But watch yourself, or you</ins> also <ins>may</ins> be tempted.</p><p><b>[Galatians 6:2]</b> <del>Bear ye one another's</del> <ins>Carry each other's</ins> burdens, and <del>so fulfil</del> <ins>in this way you will fulfill</ins> the law of Christ.</p><p><b>[Galatians 6:3]</b> <del>For if a man think himself to be something,</del> <ins>If anyone thinks he is something</ins> when he is nothing, he <del>deceiveth</del> <ins>deceives</ins> himself.</p><p><b>[Galatians 6:4]</b> <del>But let every man prove</del> <ins>Each one should test</ins> his own <del>work, and then shall</del> <ins>actions. Then</ins> he <del>have rejoicing</del> <ins>can take pride</ins> in <ins>himself, without comparing</ins> himself <del>alone, and not in another.</del> <ins>to somebody else,</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 6:5]</b> <del>For every man shall bear</del> <ins>for each one should carry</ins> his own <del>burden.</del> <ins>load.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 6:6]</b> <del>Let him that is taught</del> <ins>Anyone who receives instruction</ins> in the word <del>communicate unto him that teacheth in</del> <ins>must share</ins> all good <del>things.</del> <ins>things with his instructor.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 6:7]</b> <del>Be</del> <ins>Do</ins> not <del>deceived;</del> <ins>be deceived:</ins> God <del>is not mocked: for whatsoever a</del> <ins>cannot be mocked. A</ins> man <del>soweth, that shall</del> <ins>reaps what</ins> he <del>also reap.</del> <ins>sows.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 6:8]</b> <del>For he that soweth</del> <ins>The one who sows</ins> to <ins>please</ins> his <del>flesh shall of the flesh reap corruption; but he</del> <ins>sinful nature, from</ins> that <del>soweth</del> <ins>nature will reap destruction; the one who sows</ins> to <ins>please the Spirit, from</ins> the Spirit <del>shall of the Spirit</del> <ins>will</ins> reap <del>life everlasting.</del> <ins>eternal life.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 6:9]</b> <del>And let</del> <ins>Let</ins> us not <del>be</del> <ins>become</ins> weary in <del>well doing:</del> <ins>doing good,</ins> for <del>in due season</del> <ins>at the proper time</ins> we <del>shall reap,</del> <ins>will reap a harvest</ins> if we <del>faint not.</del> <ins>do not give up.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 6:10]</b> <del>As</del> <ins>Therefore, as</ins> we have <del>therefore</del> opportunity, let us do good <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> all <del>men,</del> <ins>people,</ins> especially <del>unto them</del> <ins>to those</ins> who <del>are of</del> <ins>belong to</ins> the <del>household</del> <ins>family</ins> of <del>faith.</del> <ins>believers.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 6:11]</b> <del>Ye see how</del> <ins>See what</ins> large <del>a letter</del> <ins>letters</ins> I <del>have written unto</del> <ins>use as I write to</ins> you with <del>mine</del> <ins>my</ins> own <del>hand.</del> <ins>hand!</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 6:12]</b> <del>As many as desire</del> <ins>Those who want</ins> to make a <del>fair shew in the flesh, they constrain</del> <ins>good impression outwardly are trying to compel</ins> you to be <del>circumcised;</del> <ins>circumcised. The</ins> only <del>lest</del> <ins>reason</ins> they <del>should suffer persecution</del> <ins>do this is to avoid being persecuted</ins> for the cross of Christ.</p><p><b>[Galatians 6:13]</b> <del>For neither they themselves</del> <ins>Not even those</ins> who are circumcised <del>keep</del> <ins>obey</ins> the <del>law; but desire to have</del> <ins>law, yet they want</ins> you <del>circumcised,</del> <ins>to be circumcised</ins> that they may <del>glory in</del> <ins>boast about</ins> your flesh.</p><p><b>[Galatians 6:14]</b> <del>But God forbid that</del> <ins>May</ins> I <del>should glory, save</del> <ins>never boast except</ins> in the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ, <del>by whom</del> <ins>through which</ins> the world <del>is</del> <ins>has been</ins> crucified <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me, and I <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the world.</p><p><b>[Galatians 6:15]</b> <del>For in Christ Jesus neither</del> <ins>Neither</ins> circumcision <del>availeth any thing,</del> nor <del>uncircumcision, but</del> <ins>uncircumcision means anything; what counts is</ins> a new <del>creature.</del> <ins>creation.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 6:16]</b> <del>And as many as walk according</del> <ins>Peace and mercy</ins> to <ins>all who follow</ins> this rule, <del>peace be on them, and mercy, and upon</del> <ins>even to</ins> the Israel of God.</p><p><b>[Galatians 6:17]</b> <del>From henceforth</del> <ins>Finally,</ins> let no <del>man trouble me:</del> <ins>one cause me trouble,</ins> for I bear <del>in</del> <ins>on</ins> my body the marks of <del>the Lord</del> Jesus.</p><p><b>[Galatians 6:18]</b> <del>Brethren, the</del> <ins>The</ins> grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with your <del>spirit.</del> <ins>spirit, brothers.</ins> Amen.</p>