<p><b>[Habakkuk 1:1]</b> The <del>burden which</del> <ins>oracle that</ins> Habakkuk the prophet <del>did see.</del> <ins>received.</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 1:2]</b> <ins>How long,</ins> O LORD, <del>how long shall</del> <ins>must</ins> I <del>cry, and thou wilt</del> <ins>call for help, but you do</ins> not <del>hear! even</del> <ins>listen? Or</ins> cry out <del>unto thee of violence, and thou wilt</del> <ins>to you, "Violence!" but you do</ins> not <del>save!</del> <ins>save?</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 1:3]</b> Why <del>dost thou shew</del> <ins>do you make</ins> me <del>iniquity, and cause me to behold grievance? for spoiling</del> <ins>look at injustice? Why do you tolerate wrong? Destruction</ins> and violence are before <del>me: and</del> <ins>me;</ins> there <del>are that raise up strife</del> <ins>is strife,</ins> and <del>contention.</del> <ins>conflict abounds.</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 1:4]</b> Therefore the law is <del>slacked,</del> <ins>paralyzed,</ins> and <del>judgment doth</del> <ins>justice</ins> never <del>go forth: for the</del> <ins>prevails. The</ins> wicked <del>doth compass about</del> <ins>hem in</ins> the <del>righteous; therefore wrong judgment proceedeth.</del> <ins>righteous, so that justice is perverted.</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 1:5]</b> <del>Behold ye among</del> <ins>"Look at</ins> the <del>heathen,</del> <ins>nations</ins> and <del>regard,</del> <ins>watch-</ins> and <del>wonder marvelously: for</del> <ins>be utterly amazed. For</ins> I <del>will work a work</del> <ins>am going to do something</ins> in your days <del>which ye will</del> <ins>that you would</ins> not believe, <del>though it be told you.</del> <ins>even if you were told.</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 1:6]</b> <del>For, lo,</del> I <del>raise</del> <ins>am raising</ins> up the <del>Chaldeans,</del> <ins>Babylonians,</ins> that <del>bitter</del> <ins>ruthless</ins> and <del>hasty nation, which shall march through</del> <ins>impetuous people, who sweep across</ins> the <del>breadth of the land,</del> <ins>whole earth</ins> to <del>possess the dwellingplaces that are</del> <ins>seize dwelling places</ins> not <del>their's.</del> <ins>their own.</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 1:7]</b> They are <del>terrible</del> <ins>a feared</ins> and <del>dreadful: their judgment</del> <ins>dreaded people; they are a law to themselves</ins> and <ins>promote</ins> their <del>dignity shall proceed of themselves.</del> <ins>own honor.</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 1:8]</b> Their horses <del>also</del> are swifter than <del>the</del> leopards, <del>and are more fierce</del> <ins>fiercer</ins> than <del>the evening wolves: and</del> <ins>wolves at dusk. Their cavalry gallops headlong;</ins> their horsemen <del>shall spread themselves, and their horsemen shall</del> come from <del>far; they shall</del> <ins>afar. They</ins> fly <del>as the eagle that hasteth</del> <ins>like a vulture swooping</ins> to <del>eat.</del> <ins>devour;</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 1:9]</b> <del>They shall come all for violence: their faces shall sup up as the east wind, and</del> they <del>shall</del> <ins>all come bent on violence. Their hordes advance like a desert wind and</ins> gather <del>the captivity as the</del> <ins>prisoners like</ins> sand.</p><p><b>[Habakkuk 1:10]</b> <del>And they shall</del> <ins>They deride kings and</ins> scoff at <del>the kings, and the princes shall be a scorn unto them:</del> <ins>rulers. They laugh at all fortified cities;</ins> they <del>shall deride every strong hold; for they shall heap dust,</del> <ins>build earthen ramps</ins> and <del>take it.</del> <ins>capture them.</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 1:11]</b> Then <del>shall his mind change,</del> <ins>they sweep past like the wind</ins> and <del>he shall pass over, and offend, imputing this his power unto his god.</del> <ins>go on- guilty men, whose own strength is their god."</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 1:12]</b> <del>Art thou</del> <ins>O LORD, are you</ins> not from <del>everlasting, O LORD my</del> <ins>everlasting? My</ins> God, <del>mine</del> <ins>my</ins> Holy <del>One?</del> <ins>One,</ins> we <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> not die. O LORD, <del>thou hast</del> <ins>you have appointed them to execute judgment; O Rock, you have</ins> ordained them <del>for judgment; and, O mighty God, thou hast established them for correction.</del> <ins>to punish.</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 1:13]</b> <del>Thou art of purer</del> <ins>Your</ins> eyes <del>than</del> <ins>are too pure</ins> to <del>behold evil, and canst not</del> look on <del>iniquity: wherefore lookest thou upon them that deal treacherously, and holdest thy tongue when</del> <ins>evil; you cannot tolerate wrong. Why then do you tolerate the treacherous? Why are you silent while</ins> the wicked <del>devoureth the man that is</del> <ins>swallow up those</ins> more righteous than <del>he?</del> <ins>themselves?</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 1:14]</b> <del>And makest</del> <ins>You have made</ins> men <del>as the fishes of</del> <ins>like fish in</ins> the sea, <del>as the creeping things,</del> <ins>like sea creatures</ins> that have no <del>ruler over them?</del> <ins>ruler.</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 1:15]</b> <del>They take up</del> <ins>The wicked foe pulls</ins> all of them <ins>up</ins> with <del>the angle, they catch</del> <ins>hooks, he catches</ins> them in <del>their</del> <ins>his</ins> net, <del>and gather</del> <ins>he gathers</ins> them <ins>up</ins> in <del>their drag: therefore they rejoice</del> <ins>his dragnet;</ins> and <del>are</del> <ins>so he rejoices and is</ins> glad.</p><p><b>[Habakkuk 1:16]</b> Therefore <del>they sacrifice unto their net,</del> <ins>he sacrifices to his net</ins> and <del>burn</del> <ins>burns</ins> incense <del>unto their drag; because</del> <ins>to his dragnet, for</ins> by <del>them their portion is fat,</del> <ins>his net he lives in luxury</ins> and <del>their meat plenteous.</del> <ins>enjoys the choicest food.</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 1:17]</b> <del>Shall they therefore empty their net, and not spare continually</del> <ins>Is he</ins> to <del>slay the nations?</del> <ins>keep on emptying his net, destroying nations without mercy?</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 2:1]</b> I will stand <del>upon</del> <ins>at</ins> my <del>watch, and set me upon the tower, and will</del> watch <ins>and station myself on the ramparts; I will look</ins> to see what he will say <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me, and what <del>I shall</del> answer <del>when</del> I am <del>reproved.</del> <ins>to give to this complaint.</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 2:2]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> the LORD <del>answered me, and said, Write</del> <ins>replied: "Write down</ins> the <del>vision,</del> <ins>revelation</ins> and make it plain <del>upon tables,</del> <ins>on tablets so</ins> that <del>he</del> <ins>a herald</ins> may run <del>that readeth</del> <ins>with</ins> it.</p><p><b>[Habakkuk 2:3]</b> For the <del>vision is yet for</del> <ins>revelation awaits</ins> an appointed <del>time, but at</del> <ins>time; it speaks of</ins> the end <del>it shall speak,</del> and <ins>will</ins> not <del>lie: though</del> <ins>prove false. Though</ins> it <del>tarry,</del> <ins>linger,</ins> wait for it; <del>because</del> it will <del>surely come, it</del> <ins>certainly come and</ins> will not <del>tarry.</del> <ins>delay.</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 2:4]</b> <del>Behold, his soul which</del> <ins>"See, he</ins> is <del>lifted up is</del> <ins>puffed up; his desires are</ins> not <del>upright in him:</del> <ins>upright-</ins> but the <del>just shall</del> <ins>righteous will</ins> live by his <del>faith.</del> <ins>faith -</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 2:5]</b> <del>Yea also, because he transgresseth by wine,</del> <ins>indeed, wine betrays him;</ins> he is <del>a proud man, neither keepeth at home, who enlargeth his desire as hell,</del> <ins>arrogant</ins> and <ins>never at rest. Because he</ins> is as <del>death,</del> <ins>greedy as the grave</ins> and <del>cannot be</del> <ins>like death is never</ins> satisfied, <del>but gathereth unto him</del> <ins>he gathers to himself</ins> all <del>nations,</del> <ins>the nations</ins> and <del>heapeth unto him</del> <ins>takes captive</ins> all <del>people:</del> <ins>the peoples.</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 2:6]</b> <del>Shall</del> <ins>"Will</ins> not all <del>these take up a parable against him,</del> <ins>of them taunt him with ridicule</ins> and <del>a taunting proverb against him, and say, Woe</del> <ins>scorn, saying, "'Woe</ins> to him <del>that increaseth that which is not his! how long?</del> <ins>who piles up stolen goods</ins> and <del>to him that ladeth</del> <ins>makes</ins> himself <del>with thick clay!</del> <ins>wealthy by extortion! How long must this go on?'</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 2:7]</b> <del>Shall</del> <ins>Will not your debtors suddenly arise? Will</ins> they not <del>rise</del> <ins>wake</ins> up <del>suddenly that shall bite thee,</del> and <del>awake that shall vex thee, and thou shalt be for booties unto them?</del> <ins>make you tremble? Then you will become their victim.</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 2:8]</b> Because <del>thou hast spoiled</del> <ins>you have plundered</ins> many nations, <del>all</del> the <del>remnant of the people shall spoil thee; because of men's blood,</del> <ins>peoples who are left will plunder you. For you have shed man's blood; you have destroyed lands</ins> and <del>for the violence of the land, of the city,</del> <ins>cities</ins> and <del>of all that dwell therein.</del> <ins>everyone in them.</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 2:9]</b> <del>Woe</del> <ins>"Woe</ins> to him <del>that coveteth an evil covetousness to</del> <ins>who builds</ins> his <del>house, that he may</del> <ins>realm by unjust gain to</ins> set his nest on high, <del>that he may be delivered from</del> <ins>to escape</ins> the <del>power</del> <ins>clutches</ins> of <del>evil!</del> <ins>ruin!</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 2:10]</b> <del>Thou hast consulted shame to thy house by cutting off</del> <ins>You have plotted the ruin of</ins> many <del>people,</del> <ins>peoples, shaming your own house</ins> and <del>hast sinned against thy soul.</del> <ins>forfeiting your life.</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 2:11]</b> <del>For the stone shall cry out</del> <ins>The stones</ins> of the <del>wall,</del> <ins>wall will cry out,</ins> and the <del>beam out</del> <ins>beams</ins> of the <del>timber shall answer</del> <ins>woodwork will echo</ins> it.</p><p><b>[Habakkuk 2:12]</b> <del>Woe</del> <ins>"Woe</ins> to him <del>that buildeth a town with blood, and stablisheth</del> <ins>who builds</ins> a city <ins>with bloodshed and establishes a town</ins> by <del>iniquity!</del> <ins>crime!</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 2:13]</b> <del>Behold, is it</del> <ins>Has</ins> not <del>of</del> the LORD <del>of hosts</del> <ins>Almighty determined</ins> that the <del>people shall labour in</del> <ins>people's labor is only fuel for</ins> the <del>very</del> fire, <del>and</del> <ins>that</ins> the <del>people shall weary</del> <ins>nations exhaust</ins> themselves for <del>very vanity?</del> <ins>nothing?</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 2:14]</b> For the earth <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be filled with the knowledge of the glory of the LORD, as the waters cover the sea.</p><p><b>[Habakkuk 2:15]</b> <del>Woe unto him that giveth his neighbour drink, that puttest thy bottle</del> <ins>"Woe</ins> to <del>him, and makest</del> him <del>drunken also,</del> <ins>who gives drink to his neighbors, pouring it from the wineskin till they are drunk, so</ins> that <del>thou mayest look</del> <ins>he can gaze</ins> on their <del>nakedness!</del> <ins>naked bodies.</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 2:16]</b> <del>Thou art</del> <ins>You will be</ins> filled with shame <del>for glory: drink thou also, and let thy foreskin be uncovered: the cup</del> <ins>instead</ins> of <ins>glory. Now it is your turn! Drink and be exposed! The cup from</ins> the LORD's right hand <del>shall be turned unto thee,</del> <ins>is coming around to you,</ins> and <del>shameful spewing shall be on thy</del> <ins>disgrace will cover your</ins> glory.</p><p><b>[Habakkuk 2:17]</b> <del>For the</del> <ins>The</ins> violence <del>of</del> <ins>you have done to</ins> Lebanon <del>shall cover thee,</del> <ins>will overwhelm you,</ins> and <del>the spoil</del> <ins>your destruction</ins> of <del>beasts, which made them afraid, because of men's blood,</del> <ins>animals will terrify you. For you have shed man's blood; you have destroyed lands</ins> and <del>for the violence of the land, of the city,</del> <ins>cities</ins> and <del>of all that dwell therein.</del> <ins>everyone in them.</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 2:18]</b> <del>What profiteth the graven</del> <ins>"Of what value is an idol, since a man has carved it? Or an</ins> image that <del>the maker thereof hath graven it; the molten image, and a teacher of lies, that the maker of</del> <ins>teaches lies? For he who makes it trusts in</ins> his <del>work trusteth therein, to make dumb idols?</del> <ins>own creation; he makes idols that cannot speak.</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 2:19]</b> Woe <del>unto him that saith</del> to <del>the wood, Awake;</del> <ins>him who says</ins> to <del>the dumb</del> <ins>wood, 'Come to life!' Or to lifeless</ins> stone, <del>Arise,</del> <ins>'Wake up!' Can</ins> it <del>shall teach! Behold, it</del> <ins>give guidance? It</ins> is <del>laid over</del> <ins>covered</ins> with gold and <del>silver, and</del> <ins>silver;</ins> there is no breath <del>at all</del> in <del>the midst of</del> it.</p><p><b>[Habakkuk 2:20]</b> But the LORD is in his holy <del>temple:</del> <ins>temple;</ins> let all the earth <del>keep silence</del> <ins>be silent</ins> before <del>him.</del> <ins>him."</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 3:1]</b> A prayer of Habakkuk the <del>prophet upon Shigionoth.</del> <ins>prophet. On shigionoth.</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 3:2]</b> <del>O</del> LORD, I have heard <del>thy speech, and was afraid: O LORD, revive thy work in the midst</del> of <del>the years,</del> <ins>your fame; I stand</ins> in <del>the midst</del> <ins>awe</ins> of <del>the years</del> <ins>your deeds, O LORD. Renew them in our day, in our time</ins> make <ins>them</ins> known; in wrath remember mercy.</p><p><b>[Habakkuk 3:3]</b> God came from Teman, <del>and</del> the Holy One from <del>mount</del> <ins>Mount</ins> Paran. <del>Selah.</del> <ins>Selah</ins> His glory covered the <del>heavens,</del> <ins>heavens</ins> and <del>the earth was full of</del> his <del>praise.</del> <ins>praise filled the earth.</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 3:4]</b> <del>And his brightness</del> <ins>His splendor</ins> was <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> the <del>light; he had horns coming out of</del> <ins>sunrise; rays flashed from</ins> his <del>hand: and there was the hiding of</del> <ins>hand, where</ins> his <del>power.</del> <ins>power was hidden.</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 3:5]</b> <del>Before him</del> <ins>Plague</ins> went <del>the pestilence, and burning coals went forth at</del> <ins>before him; pestilence followed</ins> his <del>feet.</del> <ins>steps.</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 3:6]</b> He stood, and <del>measured</del> <ins>shook</ins> the <del>earth:</del> <ins>earth;</ins> he <del>beheld,</del> <ins>looked,</ins> and <del>drove asunder</del> <ins>made</ins> the <del>nations;</del> <ins>nations tremble. The ancient mountains crumbled</ins> and the <del>everlasting mountains were scattered, the perpetual</del> <ins>age-old</ins> hills <del>did bow: his</del> <ins>collapsed. His</ins> ways are <del>everlasting.</del> <ins>eternal.</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 3:7]</b> I saw the tents of Cushan in <del>affliction: and</del> <ins>distress,</ins> the <del>curtains of the land</del> <ins>dwellings</ins> of Midian <del>did tremble.</del> <ins>in anguish.</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 3:8]</b> <del>Was</del> <ins>Were you angry with</ins> the <del>LORD displeased against the rivers? was thine anger against the rivers? was thy</del> <ins>rivers, O LORD? Was your</ins> wrath against the <del>sea, that thou didst ride upon thine</del> <ins>streams? Did you rage against the sea when you rode with your</ins> horses and <del>thy chariots of salvation?</del> <ins>your victorious chariots?</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 3:9]</b> <del>Thy bow was made quite naked, according to the oaths of the tribes, even thy word. Selah. Thou didst cleave</del> <ins>You uncovered your bow, you called for many arrows. Selah You split</ins> the earth with <del>rivers.</del> <ins>rivers;</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 3:10]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>the</ins> mountains saw <del>thee,</del> <ins>you</ins> and <del>they trembled: the overflowing</del> <ins>writhed. Torrents</ins> of <del>the</del> water <del>passed by:</del> <ins>swept by;</ins> the deep <del>uttered his voice,</del> <ins>roared</ins> and lifted <del>up his hands</del> <ins>its waves</ins> on high.</p><p><b>[Habakkuk 3:11]</b> <del>The sun</del> <ins>Sun</ins> and moon stood still in <del>their habitation:</del> <ins>the heavens</ins> at the <del>light</del> <ins>glint</ins> of <del>thine arrows they went, and</del> <ins>your flying arrows,</ins> at the <del>shining</del> <ins>lightning</ins> of <del>thy glittering</del> <ins>your flashing</ins> spear.</p><p><b>[Habakkuk 3:12]</b> <del>Thou didst march</del> <ins>In wrath you strode</ins> through the <del>land</del> <ins>earth and</ins> in <del>indignation, thou didst thresh</del> <ins>anger you threshed</ins> the <del>heathen in anger.</del> <ins>nations.</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 3:13]</b> <del>Thou wentest forth for the salvation of thy people, even for salvation with thine anointed; thou woundedst the head</del> <ins>You came</ins> out <ins>to deliver your people, to save your anointed one. You crushed the leader</ins> of the <del>house</del> <ins>land</ins> of <del>the wicked, by discovering the foundation unto the neck. Selah.</del> <ins>wickedness, you stripped him from head to foot. Selah</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 3:14]</b> <del>Thou didst strike through with</del> <ins>With</ins> his <del>staves the head of</del> <ins>own spear you pierced</ins> his <del>villages: they came</del> <ins>head when his warriors stormed</ins> out <del>as a whirlwind</del> to scatter <del>me: their rejoicing was</del> <ins>us, gloating</ins> as <ins>though about</ins> to devour the <del>poor secretly.</del> <ins>wretched who were in hiding.</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 3:15]</b> <del>Thou didst walk through</del> <ins>You trampled</ins> the sea with <del>thine</del> <ins>your</ins> horses, <del>through</del> <ins>churning</ins> the <del>heap of</del> great waters.</p><p><b>[Habakkuk 3:16]</b> <del>When</del> I <del>heard,</del> <ins>heard and</ins> my <del>belly trembled;</del> <ins>heart pounded,</ins> my lips quivered at the <del>voice: rottenness entered</del> <ins>sound; decay crept</ins> into my bones, and <ins>my legs trembled. Yet</ins> I <del>trembled in myself, that I might rest in</del> <ins>will wait patiently for</ins> the day of <del>trouble: when he cometh up unto</del> <ins>calamity to come on</ins> the <del>people, he will invade them with his troops.</del> <ins>nation invading us.</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 3:17]</b> <del>Although</del> <ins>Though</ins> the fig tree <del>shall</del> <ins>does</ins> not <del>blossom, neither shall fruit be in</del> <ins>bud and there are no grapes on</ins> the <del>vines; the labour of</del> <ins>vines, though</ins> the olive <del>shall fail,</del> <ins>crop fails</ins> and the fields <del>shall yield</del> <ins>produce</ins> no <del>meat; the flock shall be cut off from the fold, and</del> <ins>food, though</ins> there <del>shall be</del> <ins>are</ins> no <del>herd</del> <ins>sheep</ins> in the <del>stalls:</del> <ins>pen and no cattle in the stalls,</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 3:18]</b> <del>Yet</del> <ins>yet</ins> I will rejoice in the LORD, I will <del>joy</del> <ins>be joyful</ins> in <del>the</del> God <del>of</del> my <del>salvation.</del> <ins>Savior.</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 3:19]</b> The <ins>Sovereign</ins> LORD <del>God</del> is my <del>strength, and</del> <ins>strength;</ins> he <del>will make</del> <ins>makes</ins> my feet like <del>hinds' feet, and</del> <ins>the feet of a deer,</ins> he <del>will make</del> <ins>enables</ins> me to <del>walk upon mine high places. To the chief singer</del> <ins>go</ins> on <ins>the heights. For the director of music. On</ins> my stringed instruments.</p>