<p><b>[Haggai 1:1]</b> In the second year of <del>Darius the king, in the sixth month, in</del> <ins>King Darius, on</ins> the first day of the <ins>sixth</ins> month, <del>came</del> the word of the LORD <del>by Haggai</del> <ins>came through</ins> the prophet <del>unto</del> <ins>Haggai to</ins> Zerubbabel <del>the</del> son of Shealtiel, governor of Judah, and to Joshua <del>the</del> son of <del>Josedech,</del> <ins>Jehozadak,</ins> the high <del>priest, saying,</del> <ins>priest:</ins></p><p><b>[Haggai 1:2]</b> <del>Thus speaketh</del> <ins>This is what</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts, saying, This</del> <ins>Almighty says: "These</ins> people say, <del>The</del> <ins>'The</ins> time <del>is</del> <ins>has</ins> not <del>come, the time that</del> <ins>yet come for</ins> the LORD's house <del>should</del> <ins>to</ins> be <del>built.</del> <ins>built.'"</ins></p><p><b>[Haggai 1:3]</b> Then <del>came</del> the word of the LORD <del>by Haggai</del> <ins>came through</ins> the <del>prophet, saying,</del> <ins>prophet Haggai:</ins></p><p><b>[Haggai 1:4]</b> <del>Is</del> <ins>"Is</ins> it <ins>a</ins> time for <del>you, O ye,</del> <ins>you yourselves</ins> to <del>dwell</del> <ins>be living</ins> in your <del>cieled</del> <ins>paneled</ins> houses, <del>and</del> <ins>while</ins> this house <del>lie waste?</del> <ins>remains a ruin?"</ins></p><p><b>[Haggai 1:5]</b> Now <del>therefore thus saith</del> <ins>this is what</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts; Consider</del> <ins>Almighty says: "Give careful thought to</ins> your ways.</p><p><b>[Haggai 1:6]</b> <del>Ye</del> <ins>You</ins> have <del>sown</del> <ins>planted</ins> much, <del>and bring in little; ye</del> <ins>but have harvested little. You</ins> eat, but <del>ye</del> <ins>never</ins> have <del>not enough; ye</del> <ins>enough. You</ins> drink, but <del>ye</del> <ins>never have your fill. You put on clothes, but</ins> are not <del>filled with drink; ye clothe you, but there is none warm; and he that earneth wages earneth wages</del> <ins>warm. You earn wages, only</ins> to put <del>it into</del> <ins>them in</ins> a <del>bag</del> <ins>purse</ins> with <del>holes.</del> <ins>holes in it."</ins></p><p><b>[Haggai 1:7]</b> <del>Thus saith</del> <ins>This is what</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts; Consider</del> <ins>Almighty says: "Give careful thought to</ins> your ways.</p><p><b>[Haggai 1:8]</b> Go up <del>to</del> <ins>into</ins> the <del>mountain,</del> <ins>mountains</ins> and bring <del>wood,</del> <ins>down timber</ins> and build the <del>house; and</del> <ins>house, so that</ins> I <del>will</del> <ins>may</ins> take pleasure in <del>it,</del> <ins>it</ins> and <del>I will</del> be <del>glorified, saith</del> <ins>honored," says</ins> the LORD.</p><p><b>[Haggai 1:9]</b> <del>Ye looked for</del> <ins>"You expected</ins> much, <del>and, lo</del> <ins>but see,</ins> it <del>came</del> <ins>turned out</ins> to <del>little; and when ye</del> <ins>be little. What you</ins> brought <del>it</del> home, I <del>did blow upon it. Why? saith</del> <ins>blew away. Why?" declares</ins> the LORD <ins>Almighty. "Because</ins> of <del>hosts. Because</del> <ins>my house, which remains a ruin, while each</ins> of <del>mine house that</del> <ins>you</ins> is <del>waste, and ye run every man unto</del> <ins>busy with</ins> his own house.</p><p><b>[Haggai 1:10]</b> <del>Therefore the heaven over</del> <ins>Therefore, because of</ins> you <del>is stayed from dew,</del> <ins>the heavens have withheld their dew</ins> and the earth <del>is stayed from her fruit.</del> <ins>its crops.</ins></p><p><b>[Haggai 1:11]</b> <del>And</del> I called for a drought <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> the <del>land,</del> <ins>fields</ins> and <del>upon</del> the mountains, <del>and upon</del> <ins>on</ins> the <del>corn, and upon</del> <ins>grain,</ins> the new wine, <del>and upon</del> the <del>oil,</del> <ins>oil</ins> and <del>upon that which</del> <ins>whatever</ins> the ground <del>bringeth forth,</del> <ins>produces, on men</ins> and <del>upon men, and upon</del> cattle, and <del>upon all</del> <ins>on</ins> the <del>labour</del> <ins>labor</ins> of <del>the hands.</del> <ins>your hands."</ins></p><p><b>[Haggai 1:12]</b> Then Zerubbabel <del>the</del> son of Shealtiel, <del>and</del> Joshua <del>the</del> son of <del>Josedech,</del> <ins>Jehozadak,</ins> the high priest, <del>with all</del> <ins>and</ins> the <ins>whole</ins> remnant of the <del>people,</del> <ins>people</ins> obeyed the voice of the LORD their <del>God,</del> <ins>God</ins> and the <del>words</del> <ins>message</ins> of <del>Haggai</del> the <del>prophet, as</del> <ins>prophet Haggai, because</ins> the LORD their God had sent <del>him, and</del> <ins>him. And</ins> the people <del>did fear before</del> <ins>feared</ins> the LORD.</p><p><b>[Haggai 1:13]</b> Then <del>spake Haggai</del> <ins>Haggai,</ins> the LORD's <del>messenger in the LORD's</del> <ins>messenger, gave this</ins> message <del>unto</del> <ins>of</ins> the <del>people, saying, I</del> <ins>LORD to the people: "I</ins> am with <del>you, saith</del> <ins>you," declares</ins> the LORD.</p><p><b>[Haggai 1:14]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>So</ins> the LORD stirred up the spirit of Zerubbabel <del>the</del> son of Shealtiel, governor of Judah, and the spirit of Joshua <del>the</del> son of <del>Josedech,</del> <ins>Jehozadak,</ins> the high priest, and the spirit of <del>all</del> the <ins>whole</ins> remnant of the <del>people; and they</del> <ins>people. They</ins> came and <del>did</del> <ins>began to</ins> work <del>in</del> <ins>on</ins> the house of the LORD <del>of hosts,</del> <ins>Almighty,</ins> their God,</p><p><b>[Haggai 1:15]</b> <del>In</del> <ins>on</ins> the <del>four and twentieth</del> <ins>twenty-fourth</ins> day of the sixth <del>month,</del> <ins>month</ins> in the second year of <del>Darius the king.</del> <ins>King Darius.</ins></p><p><b>[Haggai 2:1]</b> <del>In</del> <ins>On</ins> the <del>seventh month, in the one and twentieth</del> <ins>twenty-first</ins> day of the <ins>seventh</ins> month, <del>came</del> the word of the LORD <del>by</del> <ins>came through</ins> the prophet <del>Haggai, saying,</del> <ins>Haggai:</ins></p><p><b>[Haggai 2:2]</b> <del>Speak now</del> <ins>"Speak</ins> to Zerubbabel <del>the</del> son of Shealtiel, governor of Judah, <del>and</del> to Joshua <del>the</del> son of <del>Josedech,</del> <ins>Jehozadak,</ins> the high priest, and to the <del>residue</del> <ins>remnant</ins> of the <del>people, saying,</del> <ins>people. Ask them,</ins></p><p><b>[Haggai 2:3]</b> <del>Who</del> <ins>'Who of you</ins> is left <del>among you that</del> <ins>who</ins> saw this house in <del>her first</del> <ins>its former</ins> glory? <del>and how do ye see</del> <ins>How does</ins> it <ins>look to you</ins> now? <del>is</del> <ins>Does</ins> it not <del>in your eyes in comparison of it as</del> <ins>seem to you like</ins> nothing?</p><p><b>[Haggai 2:4]</b> <del>Yet</del> <ins>But</ins> now be strong, O <del>Zerubbabel, saith</del> <ins>Zerubbabel,' declares</ins> the <del>LORD; and be</del> <ins>LORD. 'Be</ins> strong, O <del>Joshua,</del> <ins>Joshua</ins> son of <del>Josedech,</del> <ins>Jehozadak,</ins> the high <del>priest; and be</del> <ins>priest. Be</ins> strong, all <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> people of the <del>land, saith</del> <ins>land,' declares</ins> the LORD, <del>and work: for</del> <ins>'and work. For</ins> I am with <del>you, saith</del> <ins>you,' declares</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts:</del> <ins>Almighty.</ins></p><p><b>[Haggai 2:5]</b> <del>According to the word that</del> <ins>'This is what</ins> I covenanted with you when <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> came out of <del>Egypt, so</del> <ins>Egypt. And</ins> my <del>spirit remaineth</del> <ins>Spirit remains</ins> among <del>you: fear ye not.</del> <ins>you. Do not fear.'</ins></p><p><b>[Haggai 2:6]</b> <del>For thus saith</del> <ins>"This is what</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts; Yet once, it is</del> <ins>Almighty says: 'In</ins> a little <del>while, and</del> <ins>while</ins> I will <ins>once more</ins> shake the <del>heavens,</del> <ins>heavens</ins> and the earth, <del>and</del> the <del>sea,</del> <ins>sea</ins> and the dry <del>land;</del> <ins>land.</ins></p><p><b>[Haggai 2:7]</b> <del>And</del> I will shake all nations, and the <del>desire</del> <ins>desired</ins> of all nations <del>shall come:</del> <ins>will come,</ins> and I will fill this house with <del>glory, saith</del> <ins>glory,' says</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts.</del> <ins>Almighty.</ins></p><p><b>[Haggai 2:8]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>'The</ins> silver is <del>mine,</del> <ins>mine</ins> and the gold is <del>mine, saith</del> <ins>mine,' declares</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts.</del> <ins>Almighty.</ins></p><p><b>[Haggai 2:9]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>'The</ins> glory of this <del>latter</del> <ins>present</ins> house <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be greater than <ins>the glory</ins> of the <del>former, saith</del> <ins>former house,' says</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts: and</del> <ins>Almighty. 'And</ins> in this place <del>will</del> I <del>give peace, saith</del> <ins>will grant peace,' declares</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts.</del> <ins>Almighty."</ins></p><p><b>[Haggai 2:10]</b> <del>In</del> <ins>On</ins> the <del>four and twentieth</del> <ins>twenty-fourth</ins> day of the ninth month, in the second year of Darius, <del>came</del> the word of the LORD <del>by Haggai</del> <ins>came to</ins> the <del>prophet, saying,</del> <ins>prophet Haggai:</ins></p><p><b>[Haggai 2:11]</b> <del>Thus saith</del> <ins>"This is what</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts; Ask now</del> <ins>Almighty says: 'Ask</ins> the priests <del>concerning</del> <ins>what</ins> the <del>law, saying,</del> <ins>law says:</ins></p><p><b>[Haggai 2:12]</b> If <del>one bear holy flesh</del> <ins>a person carries consecrated meat</ins> in the <del>skirt</del> <ins>fold</ins> of his garment, and <del>with his skirt do touch bread,</del> <ins>that fold touches some bread</ins> or <del>pottage, or</del> <ins>stew, some</ins> wine, <ins>oil</ins> or <del>oil, or any meat, shall</del> <ins>other food, does</ins> it <del>be holy? And the</del> <ins>become consecrated?'" The</ins> priests <del>answered and said, No.</del> <ins>answered, "No."</ins></p><p><b>[Haggai 2:13]</b> Then <del>said Haggai, If one that is unclean</del> <ins>Haggai said, "If a person defiled</ins> by <ins>contact with</ins> a dead body <del>touch any</del> <ins>touches one</ins> of <del>these, shall</del> <ins>these things, does</ins> it <del>be unclean? And</del> <ins>become defiled?Yes,"</ins> the priests <del>answered and said, It shall be unclean.</del> <ins>replied, "it becomes defiled."</ins></p><p><b>[Haggai 2:14]</b> Then <del>answered Haggai, and</del> <ins>Haggai</ins> said, <del>So</del> <ins>"'So it</ins> is <ins>with</ins> this <del>people,</del> <ins>people</ins> and <del>so is</del> this nation <del>before me, saith</del> <ins>in my sight,' declares</ins> the <del>LORD;</del> <ins>LORD. 'Whatever they do</ins> and <del>so is every work of their hands; and that which</del> <ins>whatever</ins> they offer there is <del>unclean.</del> <ins>defiled.</ins></p><p><b>[Haggai 2:15]</b> <del>And now, I pray you, consider</del> <ins>"'Now give careful thought to this</ins> from this day <del>and upward, from</del> <ins>on -consider how things were</ins> before <del>a</del> <ins>one</ins> stone was laid <del>upon a stone</del> <ins>on another</ins> in the <del>temple of the LORD:</del> <ins>LORD's temple.</ins></p><p><b>[Haggai 2:16]</b> <del>Since those days were, when one</del> <ins>When anyone</ins> came to <del>an</del> <ins>a</ins> heap of twenty measures, there were <del>but ten: when one came</del> <ins>only ten. When anyone went</ins> to <del>the pressfat for</del> <ins>a wine vat</ins> to draw <del>out</del> fifty <del>vessels out of the press,</del> <ins>measures,</ins> there were <del>but</del> <ins>only</ins> twenty.</p><p><b>[Haggai 2:17]</b> I <del>smote you with blasting and with mildew and with hail in</del> <ins>struck</ins> all the <del>labours</del> <ins>work</ins> of your <del>hands;</del> <ins>hands with blight, mildew and hail,</ins> yet <del>ye turned</del> <ins>you did</ins> not <ins>turn</ins> to <del>me, saith</del> <ins>me,' declares</ins> the LORD.</p><p><b>[Haggai 2:18]</b> <del>Consider now from</del> <ins>'From</ins> this day <del>and upward,</del> <ins>on,</ins> from <del>the four and twentieth</del> <ins>this twenty-fourth</ins> day of the ninth month, <del>even from</del> <ins>give careful thought to</ins> the day <del>that</del> <ins>when</ins> the foundation of the LORD's temple was <del>laid, consider it.</del> <ins>laid. Give careful thought:</ins></p><p><b>[Haggai 2:19]</b> Is <del>the seed</del> <ins>there</ins> yet <ins>any seed left</ins> in the barn? <del>yea, as yet</del> <ins>Until now,</ins> the <del>vine,</del> <ins>vine</ins> and the fig tree, <del>and</del> the <del>pomegranate,</del> <ins>pomegranate</ins> and the olive <del>tree, hath</del> <ins>tree have</ins> not <del>brought forth: from</del> <ins>borne fruit. "'From</ins> this day <del>will</del> <ins>on</ins> I <ins>will</ins> bless <del>you.</del> <ins>you.'"</ins></p><p><b>[Haggai 2:20]</b> <del>And again the</del> <ins>The</ins> word of the LORD came <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> Haggai <del>in</del> <ins>a second time on</ins> the <del>four and twentieth</del> <ins>twenty-fourth</ins> day of the <del>month, saying,</del> <ins>month:</ins></p><p><b>[Haggai 2:21]</b> <del>Speak to Zerubbabel,</del> <ins>"Tell Zerubbabel</ins> governor of <del>Judah, saying,</del> <ins>Judah that</ins> I will shake the heavens and the <del>earth;</del> <ins>earth.</ins></p><p><b>[Haggai 2:22]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>I will overturn royal thrones and shatter the power of the foreign kingdoms.</ins> I will overthrow <del>the throne of kingdoms,</del> <ins>chariots</ins> and <del>I will destroy the strength of the kingdoms of the heathen; and I will overthrow the chariots, and those that ride in them; and the</del> <ins>their drivers;</ins> horses and their riders <del>shall come down, every one</del> <ins>will fall, each</ins> by the sword of his brother.</p><p><b>[Haggai 2:23]</b> <del>In</del> <ins>"'On</ins> that <del>day, saith</del> <ins>day,' declares</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts,</del> <ins>Almighty, 'I</ins> will <del>I</del> take <del>thee, O Zerubbabel,</del> <ins>you,</ins> my <del>servant, the</del> <ins>servant Zerubbabel</ins> son of <del>Shealtiel, saith</del> <ins>Shealtiel,' declares</ins> the LORD, <del>and</del> <ins>'and I</ins> will make <del>thee as a signet:</del> <ins>you like my signet ring,</ins> for I have chosen <del>thee, saith</del> <ins>you,' declares</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts.</del> <ins>Almighty."</ins></p>