<p><b>[Hebrews 1:1]</b> <del>God, who</del> <ins>In the past God spoke to our forefathers through the prophets</ins> at <del>sundry</del> <ins>many</ins> times and in <del>divers manners spake in time past unto the fathers by the prophets,</del> <ins>various ways,</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 1:2]</b> <del>Hath</del> <ins>but</ins> in these last days <ins>he has</ins> spoken <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> us by his Son, whom he <del>hath</del> appointed heir of all things, <del>by</del> <ins>and through</ins> whom <del>also</del> he made the <del>worlds;</del> <ins>universe.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 1:3]</b> <del>Who being</del> <ins>The Son is</ins> the <del>brightness</del> <ins>radiance</ins> of <del>his glory,</del> <ins>God's glory</ins> and the <del>express image</del> <ins>exact representation</ins> of his <del>person, and upholding</del> <ins>being, sustaining</ins> all things by <del>the word of</del> his <del>power, when</del> <ins>powerful word. After</ins> he had <del>by himself purged our</del> <ins>provided purification for</ins> sins, <ins>he</ins> sat down <del>on</del> <ins>at</ins> the right hand of the Majesty <del>on high:</del> <ins>in heaven.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 1:4]</b> <del>Being made so much better than the angels, as</del> <ins>So</ins> he <del>hath by inheritance obtained a more excellent</del> <ins>became as much superior to the angels as the</ins> name <del>than they.</del> <ins>he has inherited is superior to theirs.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 1:5]</b> For <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> which of the angels <del>said he at any time, Thou art</del> <ins>did God ever say, "You are</ins> my <del>Son, this day have</del> <ins>Son; today</ins> I <del>begotten thee? And</del> <ins>have become your Father "? Or</ins> again, <del>I</del> <ins>"I</ins> will be <del>to him a</del> <ins>his</ins> Father, and he <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be <del>to me a Son?</del> <ins>my Son"?</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 1:6]</b> And again, when <del>he bringeth in the firstbegotten</del> <ins>God brings his firstborn</ins> into the world, he <del>saith, And let</del> <ins>says, "Let</ins> all <del>the</del> <ins>God's</ins> angels <del>of God</del> worship <del>him.</del> <ins>him."</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 1:7]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>In speaking</ins> of the angels he <del>saith, Who maketh</del> <ins>says, "He makes</ins> his angels <del>spirits, and</del> <ins>winds,</ins> his <del>ministers a flame</del> <ins>servants flames</ins> of <del>fire.</del> <ins>fire."</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 1:8]</b> But <del>unto</del> <ins>about</ins> the Son he <del>saith, Thy</del> <ins>says, "Your</ins> throne, O God, <del>is</del> <ins>will last</ins> for ever and <del>ever: a sceptre of</del> <ins>ever, and</ins> righteousness <del>is</del> <ins>will be</ins> the <del>sceptre</del> <ins>scepter</ins> of <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> kingdom.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 1:9]</b> <del>Thou hast</del> <ins>You have</ins> loved <del>righteousness,</del> <ins>righteousness</ins> and hated <del>iniquity;</del> <ins>wickedness;</ins> therefore God, <del>even thy</del> <ins>your</ins> God, <del>hath anointed thee</del> <ins>has set you above your companions by anointing you</ins> with the oil of <del>gladness above thy fellows.</del> <ins>joy."</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 1:10]</b> <del>And, Thou, Lord, in</del> <ins>He also says, "In</ins> the <del>beginning hast</del> <ins>beginning, O Lord, you</ins> laid the <del>foundation</del> <ins>foundations</ins> of the <del>earth;</del> <ins>earth,</ins> and the heavens are the <del>works</del> <ins>work</ins> of <del>thine hands:</del> <ins>your hands.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 1:11]</b> They <del>shall perish;</del> <ins>will perish,</ins> but <del>thou remainest; and</del> <ins>you remain;</ins> they <ins>will</ins> all <del>shall wax old as doth</del> <ins>wear out like</ins> a <del>garment;</del> <ins>garment.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 1:12]</b> <del>And as a vesture shalt thou fold</del> <ins>You will roll</ins> them <del>up, and</del> <ins>up like a robe; like a garment</ins> they <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be <del>changed: but thou art</del> <ins>changed. But you remain</ins> the same, and <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> years <del>shall not fail.</del> <ins>will never end."</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 1:13]</b> <del>But to</del> <ins>To</ins> which of the angels <del>said he</del> <ins>did God ever say, "Sit</ins> at <del>any time, Sit on</del> my right <del>hand,</del> <ins>hand</ins> until I make <del>thine</del> <ins>your</ins> enemies <del>thy footstool?</del> <ins>a footstool for your feet"?</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 1:14]</b> Are <del>they</del> not all <ins>angels</ins> ministering <del>spirits,</del> <ins>spirits</ins> sent <del>forth</del> to <del>minister for them</del> <ins>serve those</ins> who <del>shall be heirs of</del> <ins>will inherit</ins> salvation?</p><p><b>[Hebrews 2:1]</b> <del>Therefore we ought to give the</del> <ins>We must pay</ins> more <del>earnest heed</del> <ins>careful attention, therefore,</ins> to <del>the things which</del> <ins>what</ins> we have heard, <del>lest at any time</del> <ins>so that</ins> we <del>should let them slip.</del> <ins>do not drift away.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 2:2]</b> For if the <del>word</del> <ins>message</ins> spoken by angels was <del>stedfast,</del> <ins>binding,</ins> and every <del>transgression</del> <ins>violation</ins> and disobedience received <del>a</del> <ins>its</ins> just <del>recompence of reward;</del> <ins>punishment,</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 2:3]</b> <del>How</del> <ins>how</ins> shall we <del>escape,</del> <ins>escape</ins> if we <del>neglect so</del> <ins>ignore such a</ins> great <del>salvation;</del> <ins>salvation? This salvation,</ins> which <del>at the</del> <ins>was</ins> first <del>began to be spoken</del> <ins>announced</ins> by the Lord, <del>and</del> was confirmed <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> us by <del>them that</del> <ins>those who</ins> heard <del>him;</del> <ins>him.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 2:4]</b> God also <del>bearing them witness, both with signs</del> <ins>testified to it by signs, wonders</ins> and <del>wonders, and with divers</del> <ins>various</ins> miracles, and gifts of the Holy <del>Ghost,</del> <ins>Spirit distributed</ins> according to his <del>own will?</del> <ins>will.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 2:5]</b> <del>For unto the angels hath he</del> <ins>It is</ins> not <del>put in subjection</del> <ins>to angels that he has subjected</ins> the world to come, <del>whereof</del> <ins>about which</ins> we <del>speak.</del> <ins>are speaking.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 2:6]</b> But <del>one in a certain place testified, saying, What</del> <ins>there</ins> is <del>man,</del> <ins>a place where someone has testified: "What is man</ins> that <del>thou art</del> <ins>you are</ins> mindful of <del>him? or</del> <ins>him,</ins> the son of man that <del>thou visitest</del> <ins>you care for</ins> him?</p><p><b>[Hebrews 2:7]</b> <del>Thou madest</del> <ins>You made</ins> him a little lower than the angels; <del>thou crownedst</del> <ins>you crowned</ins> him with glory and <del>honour, and didst set him over the works of thy hands:</del> <ins>honor</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 2:8]</b> <del>Thou hast</del> <ins>and</ins> put <del>all things in subjection</del> <ins>everything</ins> under his <del>feet. For in that he put all in subjection</del> <ins>feet.? In putting everything</ins> under him, <del>he</del> <ins>God</ins> left nothing that is not <del>put under</del> <ins>subject to</ins> him. <del>But now</del> <ins>Yet at present</ins> we <del>see</del> <ins>do</ins> not <del>yet all things put under</del> <ins>see everything subject to</ins> him.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 2:9]</b> But we see Jesus, who was made a little lower than the <del>angels for the suffering of death,</del> <ins>angels, now</ins> crowned with glory and <del>honour; that</del> <ins>honor because</ins> he <ins>suffered death, so that</ins> by the grace of God <del>should</del> <ins>he might</ins> taste death for <del>every man.</del> <ins>everyone.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 2:10]</b> <del>For it became him, for whom are all things, and by whom are all things, in</del> <ins>In</ins> bringing many sons <del>unto glory,</del> to <ins>glory, it was fitting that God, for whom and through whom everything exists, should</ins> make the <del>captain</del> <ins>author</ins> of their salvation perfect through <del>sufferings.</del> <ins>suffering.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 2:11]</b> <del>For both he that sanctifieth</del> <ins>Both the one who makes men holy</ins> and <del>they</del> <ins>those</ins> who are <del>sanctified</del> <ins>made holy</ins> are <del>all</del> of <del>one: for which cause he</del> <ins>the same family. So Jesus</ins> is not ashamed to call them <del>brethren,</del> <ins>brothers.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 2:12]</b> <del>Saying, I</del> <ins>He says, "I</ins> will declare <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> name <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> my <del>brethren,</del> <ins>brothers;</ins> in the <del>midst</del> <ins>presence</ins> of the <del>church will</del> <ins>congregation</ins> I <ins>will</ins> sing <del>praise unto thee.</del> <ins>your praises."</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 2:13]</b> And again, <del>I</del> <ins>"I</ins> will put my trust in <del>him.</del> <ins>him."</ins> And <del>again, Behold I</del> <ins>again he says, "Here am I,</ins> and the children <del>which</del> God <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> given <del>me.</del> <ins>me."</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 2:14]</b> <del>Forasmuch then as</del> <ins>Since</ins> the children <del>are partakers of</del> <ins>have</ins> flesh and blood, he <del>also himself likewise took part of the same;</del> <ins>too shared in their humanity so</ins> that <del>through</del> <ins>by his</ins> death he might destroy him <del>that had</del> <ins>who holds</ins> the power of <del>death, that</del> <ins>death--that</ins> is, the <del>devil;</del> <ins>devil--</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 2:15]</b> <del>And deliver them</del> <ins>and free those</ins> who <del>through fear of death were</del> all their <del>lifetime subject to bondage.</del> <ins>lives were held in slavery by their fear of death.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 2:16]</b> For <del>verily he took</del> <ins>surely it is</ins> not <del>on him the nature of angels; but</del> <ins>angels</ins> he <del>took on him the seed of Abraham.</del> <ins>helps, but Abraham's descendants.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 2:17]</b> <del>Wherefore in all things it behoved him</del> <ins>For this reason he had</ins> to be made like <del>unto</del> his <del>brethren,</del> <ins>brothers in every way, in order</ins> that he might <del>be</del> <ins>become</ins> a merciful and faithful high priest in <del>things pertaining</del> <ins>service</ins> to God, <del>to</del> <ins>and that he might</ins> make <del>reconciliation</del> <ins>atonement</ins> for the sins of the people.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 2:18]</b> <del>For in that</del> <ins>Because</ins> he himself <del>hath</del> suffered <del>being</del> <ins>when he was</ins> tempted, he is able to <del>succour them that</del> <ins>help those who</ins> are <ins>being</ins> tempted.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 3:1]</b> <del>Wherefore,</del> <ins>Therefore,</ins> holy <del>brethren, partakers of</del> <ins>brothers, who share in</ins> the heavenly calling, <del>consider</del> <ins>fix your thoughts on Jesus,</ins> the <del>Apostle</del> <ins>apostle</ins> and <del>High Priest of our profession, Christ Jesus;</del> <ins>high priest whom we confess.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 3:2]</b> <del>Who</del> <ins>He</ins> was faithful to <del>him that</del> <ins>the one who</ins> appointed him, <ins>just</ins> as <del>also</del> Moses was faithful in all <del>his</del> <ins>God's</ins> house.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 3:3]</b> <del>For this man was counted</del> <ins>Jesus has been found</ins> worthy of <del>more glory</del> <ins>greater honor</ins> than Moses, <del>inasmuch</del> <ins>just</ins> as <del>he who hath builded</del> the <ins>builder of a</ins> house <del>hath more honour</del> <ins>has greater honor</ins> than the <del>house.</del> <ins>house itself.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 3:4]</b> For every house is <del>builded by some man; but he that</del> built <del>all things</del> <ins>by someone, but God</ins> is <del>God.</del> <ins>the builder of everything.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 3:5]</b> <del>And</del> Moses <del>verily</del> was faithful <del>in all his house,</del> as a <del>servant, for a testimony of those things which were</del> <ins>servant in all God's house, testifying</ins> to <ins>what would</ins> be <del>spoken after;</del> <ins>said in the future.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 3:6]</b> But Christ <ins>is faithful</ins> as a son over <del>his own house; whose house</del> <ins>God's house. And we</ins> are <del>we,</del> <ins>his house,</ins> if we hold <del>fast the confidence</del> <ins>on to our courage</ins> and the <del>rejoicing of the</del> hope <del>firm unto the end.</del> <ins>of which we boast.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 3:7]</b> <del>Wherefore (as</del> <ins>So, as</ins> the Holy <del>Ghost saith, To day</del> <ins>Spirit says: "Today,</ins> if <del>ye will</del> <ins>you</ins> hear his voice,</p><p><b>[Hebrews 3:8]</b> <del>Harden</del> <ins>do</ins> not <ins>harden</ins> your <del>hearts,</del> <ins>hearts</ins> as <ins>you did</ins> in the <del>provocation,</del> <ins>rebellion, during the time of testing</ins> in the <del>day of temptation in the wilderness:</del> <ins>desert,</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 3:9]</b> <del>When</del> <ins>where</ins> your fathers <del>tempted me, proved me,</del> <ins>tested</ins> and <del>saw my works</del> <ins>tried me and for</ins> forty <del>years.</del> <ins>years saw what I did.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 3:10]</b> <del>Wherefore</del> <ins>That is why</ins> I was <del>grieved</del> <ins>angry</ins> with that generation, and <ins>I</ins> said, <del>They do alway err in their heart;</del> <ins>'Their hearts are always going astray,</ins> and they have not known my <del>ways.</del> <ins>ways.'</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 3:11]</b> So I <del>sware</del> <ins>declared on oath</ins> in my <del>wrath, They</del> <ins>anger, 'They</ins> shall <del>not</del> <ins>never</ins> enter <del>into</del> my <del>rest.)</del> <ins>rest.'"</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 3:12]</b> <del>Take heed, brethren, lest there be in any</del> <ins>See to it, brothers, that none</ins> of you <del>an evil</del> <ins>has a sinful, unbelieving</ins> heart <del>of unbelief, in departing</del> <ins>that turns away</ins> from the living God.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 3:13]</b> But <del>exhort</del> <ins>encourage</ins> one another daily, <del>while</del> <ins>as long as</ins> it is called <del>To day; lest any</del> <ins>Today, so that none</ins> of you <ins>may</ins> be hardened <del>through the deceitfulness of sin.</del> <ins>by sin's deceitfulness.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 3:14]</b> <del>For we are made partakers of Christ,</del> <ins>We have come to share in Christ</ins> if we hold <ins>firmly till</ins> the <del>beginning of our confidence stedfast unto</del> <ins>end</ins> the <del>end;</del> <ins>confidence we had at first.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 3:15]</b> <del>While it is said, To day</del> <ins>As has just been said: "Today,</ins> if <del>ye will</del> <ins>you</ins> hear his voice, <del>harden</del> <ins>do</ins> not <ins>harden</ins> your <del>hearts,</del> <ins>hearts</ins> as <ins>you did</ins> in the <del>provocation.</del> <ins>rebellion."</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 3:16]</b> <del>For some, when</del> <ins>Who were</ins> they <del>had heard, did provoke: howbeit</del> <ins>who heard and rebelled? Were they</ins> not all <del>that came</del> <ins>those Moses led</ins> out of <del>Egypt by Moses.</del> <ins>Egypt?</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 3:17]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>And</ins> with whom was he <del>grieved</del> <ins>angry for</ins> forty years? <del>was</del> <ins>Was</ins> it not with <del>them that had</del> <ins>those who</ins> sinned, whose <del>carcases</del> <ins>bodies</ins> fell in the <del>wilderness?</del> <ins>desert?</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 3:18]</b> And to whom <del>sware he</del> <ins>did God swear</ins> that they <del>should not</del> <ins>would never</ins> enter <del>into</del> his <del>rest, but</del> <ins>rest if not</ins> to <del>them that believed not?</del> <ins>those who disobeyed?</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 3:19]</b> So we see that they <del>could</del> <ins>were</ins> not <del>enter in</del> <ins>able to enter,</ins> because of <ins>their</ins> unbelief.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 4:1]</b> <del>Let us therefore fear, lest, a</del> <ins>Therefore, since the</ins> promise <del>being left us</del> of entering <del>into</del> his <del>rest, any</del> <ins>rest still stands, let us be careful that none</ins> of you <del>should seem</del> <ins>be found</ins> to <del>come</del> <ins>have fallen</ins> short of it.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 4:2]</b> For <del>unto us was</del> <ins>we also have had</ins> the gospel <del>preached,</del> <ins>preached to us, just</ins> as <del>well as unto them:</del> <ins>they did;</ins> but the <del>word preached</del> <ins>message they heard was of no value to them, because those who heard</ins> did not <del>profit them, not being mixed</del> <ins>combine it</ins> with <del>faith in them that heard it.</del> <ins>faith.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 4:3]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>Now</ins> we <del>which</del> <ins>who</ins> have believed <del>do</del> enter <del>into</del> <ins>that</ins> rest, <ins>just</ins> as <del>he</del> <ins>God has</ins> said, <del>As</del> <ins>"So</ins> I <del>have sworn</del> <ins>declared on oath</ins> in my <del>wrath, if they</del> <ins>anger, 'They</ins> shall <ins>never</ins> enter <del>into</del> my <del>rest: although the works were finished from the foundation of the world.</del> <ins>rest.'"</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 4:4]</b> <del>For he spake in a certain place</del> <ins>And yet his work has been finished since the creation</ins> of <ins>the world. For somewhere he has spoken about</ins> the seventh day <ins>in these words: "And</ins> on <del>this wise, And God did rest</del> the seventh day <ins>God rested</ins> from all his <del>works.</del> <ins>work."</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 4:5]</b> And <ins>again</ins> in <del>this place again, If they</del> <ins>the passage above he says, "They</ins> shall <ins>never</ins> enter <del>into</del> my <del>rest.</del> <ins>rest."</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 4:6]</b> <del>Seeing therefore it remaineth</del> <ins>It still remains</ins> that some <del>must</del> <ins>will</ins> enter <del>therein,</del> <ins>that rest,</ins> and <del>they to whom it was first</del> <ins>those who formerly had the gospel</ins> preached <del>entered</del> <ins>to them did</ins> not <del>in</del> <ins>go in,</ins> because of <del>unbelief:</del> <ins>their disobedience.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 4:7]</b> <del>Again, he limiteth</del> <ins>Therefore God again set</ins> a certain day, <del>saying in David, To day, after so long a time; as</del> <ins>calling</ins> it <del>is said, To day</del> <ins>Today, when a long time later he spoke through David, as was said before: "Today,</ins> if <del>ye will</del> <ins>you</ins> hear his voice, <del>harden</del> <ins>do</ins> not <ins>harden</ins> your <del>hearts.</del> <ins>hearts."</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 4:8]</b> For if <del>Jesus</del> <ins>Joshua</ins> had given them rest, <del>then</del> <ins>God</ins> would <del>he</del> not <del>afterward</del> have spoken <del>of</del> <ins>later about</ins> another day.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 4:9]</b> There <del>remaineth therefore</del> <ins>remains, then,</ins> a <del>rest to</del> <ins>Sabbath-rest for</ins> the people of <del>God.</del> <ins>God;</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 4:10]</b> <del>For he that is entered into his rest, he</del> <ins>for anyone who enters God's rest</ins> also <del>hath ceased</del> <ins>rests</ins> from his own <del>works,</del> <ins>work, just</ins> as God did from his.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 4:11]</b> Let <del>us labour therefore</del> <ins>us, therefore, make every effort</ins> to enter <del>into</del> that rest, <del>lest any man</del> <ins>so that no one will</ins> fall <del>after the same</del> <ins>by following their</ins> example of <del>unbelief.</del> <ins>disobedience.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 4:12]</b> For the word of God is <del>quick,</del> <ins>living</ins> and <del>powerful, and sharper</del> <ins>active. Sharper</ins> than any <del>twoedged</del> <ins>double--edged</ins> sword, <del>piercing</del> <ins>it penetrates</ins> even to <del>the</del> dividing <del>asunder of</del> soul and spirit, <del>and of the</del> joints and <del>marrow, and is a discerner of</del> <ins>marrow; it judges</ins> the thoughts and <del>intents</del> <ins>attitudes</ins> of the heart.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 4:13]</b> <del>Neither is there any creature that is not manifest</del> <ins>Nothing</ins> in <del>his sight: but</del> all <del>things are naked</del> <ins>creation is hidden from God's sight. Everything is uncovered</ins> and <del>opened unto</del> <ins>laid bare before</ins> the eyes of him <del>with</del> <ins>to</ins> whom we <del>have to do.</del> <ins>must give account.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 4:14]</b> <del>Seeing then that</del> <ins>Therefore, since</ins> we have a great high <del>priest, that is passed into</del> <ins>priest who has gone through</ins> the heavens, Jesus the Son of God, let us hold <del>fast our profession.</del> <ins>firmly to the faith we profess.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 4:15]</b> For we <del>have</del> <ins>do</ins> not <del>an</del> <ins>have a</ins> high priest <del>which cannot be touched</del> <ins>who is unable to sympathize</ins> with <del>the feeling of</del> our <del>infirmities;</del> <ins>weaknesses,</ins> but <del>was in all points</del> <ins>we have one who has been</ins> tempted <del>like</del> <ins>in every way, just</ins> as we <del>are, yet</del> <ins>are--yet was</ins> without sin.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 4:16]</b> Let us <del>therefore come boldly unto</del> <ins>then approach</ins> the throne of <del>grace,</del> <ins>grace with confidence, so</ins> that we may <del>obtain mercy,</del> <ins>receive mercy</ins> and find grace to help <ins>us</ins> in <ins>our</ins> time of need.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 5:1]</b> <del>For every</del> <ins>Every</ins> high priest <del>taken</del> <ins>is selected</ins> from among men <ins>and</ins> is <del>ordained for men</del> <ins>appointed to represent them</ins> in <del>things pertaining</del> <ins>matters related</ins> to God, <del>that he may</del> <ins>to</ins> offer <del>both</del> gifts and sacrifices for <del>sins:</del> <ins>sins.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 5:2]</b> <del>Who can have compassion on the ignorant, and on them that</del> <ins>He is able to deal gently with those who</ins> are <del>out of the way; for that</del> <ins>ignorant and are going astray, since</ins> he himself <del>also</del> is <del>compassed with infirmity.</del> <ins>subject to weakness.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 5:3]</b> <del>And by reason hereof</del> <ins>This is why</ins> he <del>ought,</del> <ins>has to offer sacrifices for his own sins, as well</ins> as for the <del>people, so also for himself, to offer for sins.</del> <ins>sins of the people.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 5:4]</b> <del>And no man taketh</del> <ins>No one takes</ins> this <del>honour unto himself, but</del> <ins>honor upon himself;</ins> he <del>that is</del> <ins>must be</ins> called <del>of</del> <ins>by</ins> God, <ins>just</ins> as <del>was Aaron.</del> <ins>Aaron was.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 5:5]</b> So <del>also</del> Christ <del>glorified</del> <ins>also did</ins> not <ins>take upon</ins> himself <del>to be made an</del> <ins>the glory of becoming a</ins> high <del>priest; but he that</del> <ins>priest. But God</ins> said <del>unto him, Thou art my Son,</del> to <del>day have</del> <ins>him, "You are my Son; today</ins> I <del>begotten thee.</del> <ins>have become your Father. "</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 5:6]</b> <del>As</del> <ins>And</ins> he <del>saith also</del> <ins>says</ins> in another place, <del>Thou art</del> <ins>"You are</ins> a priest <del>for ever after</del> <ins>forever, in</ins> the order of <del>Melchisedec.</del> <ins>Melchizedek."</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 5:7]</b> <del>Who in</del> <ins>During</ins> the days of <del>his flesh, when</del> <ins>Jesus' life on earth,</ins> he <del>had</del> offered up prayers and <del>supplications</del> <ins>petitions</ins> with <del>strong crying</del> <ins>loud cries</ins> and tears <del>unto him that was able</del> to <ins>the one who could</ins> save him from death, and <ins>he</ins> was heard <del>in that he feared;</del> <ins>because of his reverent submission.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 5:8]</b> <del>Though</del> <ins>Although</ins> he <del>were</del> <ins>was</ins> a <del>Son, yet learned</del> <ins>son,</ins> he <ins>learned</ins> obedience <del>by the things which</del> <ins>from what</ins> he <del>suffered;</del> <ins>suffered</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 5:9]</b> <del>And being</del> <ins>and, once</ins> made perfect, he became the <del>author</del> <ins>source</ins> of eternal salvation <del>unto</del> <ins>for</ins> all <del>them that</del> <ins>who</ins> obey <del>him;</del> <ins>him</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 5:10]</b> <del>Called of</del> <ins>and was designated by</ins> God <del>an</del> <ins>to be</ins> high priest <del>after</del> <ins>in</ins> the order of <del>Melchisedec.</del> <ins>Melchizedek.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 5:11]</b> <del>Of whom we</del> <ins>We</ins> have <del>many things</del> <ins>much</ins> to <del>say, and</del> <ins>say about this, but it is</ins> hard to <del>be uttered, seeing ye</del> <ins>explain because you</ins> are <del>dull of hearing.</del> <ins>slow to learn.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 5:12]</b> <del>For when for the</del> <ins>In fact, though by this</ins> time <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> ought to be teachers, <del>ye have</del> <ins>you</ins> need <del>that one</del> <ins>someone to</ins> teach you <del>again which be</del> the <del>first principles</del> <ins>elementary truths</ins> of <del>the oracles of God; and are become such as have</del> <ins>God's word all over again. You</ins> need <del>of</del> milk, <del>and</del> not <del>of strong meat.</del> <ins>solid food!</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 5:13]</b> <del>For every one that useth milk</del> <ins>Anyone who lives on milk, being still an infant,</ins> is <del>unskilful in</del> <ins>not acquainted with</ins> the <del>word of righteousness: for he is a babe.</del> <ins>teaching about righteousness.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 5:14]</b> But <del>strong meat belongeth to them that are of full age, even those</del> <ins>solid food is for the mature,</ins> who by <del>reason of</del> <ins>constant</ins> use have <del>their senses exercised</del> <ins>trained themselves</ins> to <del>discern both</del> <ins>distinguish</ins> good <del>and</del> <ins>from</ins> evil.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 6:1]</b> Therefore <del>leaving the principles of the doctrine of Christ,</del> let us <ins>leave the elementary teachings about Christ and</ins> go on <del>unto perfection;</del> <ins>to maturity,</ins> not laying again the foundation of repentance from <del>dead works,</del> <ins>acts that lead to death,</ins> and of faith <del>toward</del> <ins>in</ins> God,</p><p><b>[Hebrews 6:2]</b> <del>Of the doctrine of</del> <ins>instruction about</ins> baptisms, <del>and of</del> <ins>the</ins> laying on of hands, <del>and of</del> <ins>the</ins> resurrection of the dead, and <del>of</del> eternal judgment.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 6:3]</b> And <del>this will we do, if</del> God <del>permit.</del> <ins>permitting, we will do so.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 6:4]</b> <del>For it</del> <ins>It</ins> is impossible for those who <del>were</del> <ins>have</ins> once <ins>been</ins> enlightened, <del>and</del> <ins>who</ins> have tasted <del>of</del> the heavenly gift, <del>and were made partakers of</del> <ins>who have shared in</ins> the Holy <del>Ghost,</del> <ins>Spirit,</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 6:5]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>who</ins> have tasted the <del>good</del> <ins>goodness of the</ins> word of <del>God,</del> <ins>God</ins> and the powers of the <del>world to come,</del> <ins>coming age,</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 6:6]</b> <del>If</del> <ins>if</ins> they <del>shall</del> fall away, to <del>renew them again unto repentance; seeing they crucify</del> <ins>be brought back</ins> to <del>themselves</del> <ins>repentance, because to their loss they are crucifying</ins> the Son of God <del>afresh,</del> <ins>all over again</ins> and <del>put</del> <ins>subjecting</ins> him to <del>an open shame.</del> <ins>public disgrace.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 6:7]</b> <del>For the earth which drinketh</del> <ins>Land that drinks</ins> in the rain <del>that cometh oft upon it,</del> <ins>often falling on it</ins> and <del>bringeth forth herbs meet</del> <ins>that produces a crop useful to those</ins> for <del>them by</del> whom it is <del>dressed, receiveth</del> <ins>farmed receives the</ins> blessing <del>from God:</del> <ins>of God.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 6:8]</b> But <ins>land</ins> that <del>which beareth</del> <ins>produces</ins> thorns and <del>briers</del> <ins>thistles</ins> is <del>rejected,</del> <ins>worthless</ins> and is <del>nigh unto cursing; whose</del> <ins>in danger of being cursed. In the</ins> end <del>is to</del> <ins>it will</ins> be burned.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 6:9]</b> <del>But, beloved, we are persuaded better things of you, and things that accompany salvation,</del> <ins>Even</ins> though we <del>thus speak.</del> <ins>speak like this, dear friends, we are confident of better things in your case--things that accompany salvation.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 6:10]</b> <del>For</del> God is not <del>unrighteous to</del> <ins>unjust; he will not</ins> forget your work and <del>labour of love, which ye have shewed toward his name, in that ye have ministered to</del> the <del>saints,</del> <ins>love you have shown him as you have helped his people</ins> and <del>do minister.</del> <ins>continue to help them.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 6:11]</b> <del>And we desire that every one</del> <ins>We want each</ins> of you <del>do shew the</del> <ins>to show this</ins> same diligence to the <del>full assurance of</del> <ins>very end, in order to make your</ins> hope <del>unto the end:</del> <ins>sure.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 6:12]</b> <del>That ye be</del> <ins>We do</ins> not <del>slothful,</del> <ins>want you to become lazy,</ins> but <del>followers of them</del> <ins>to imitate those</ins> who through faith and patience inherit <del>the promises.</del> <ins>what has been promised.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 6:13]</b> <del>For when</del> <ins>When</ins> God made <ins>his</ins> promise to Abraham, <del>because he could swear by</del> <ins>since there was</ins> no <del>greater,</del> <ins>one greater for him to swear by,</ins> he <del>sware</del> <ins>swore</ins> by himself,</p><p><b>[Hebrews 6:14]</b> <del>Saying, Surely blessing I</del> <ins>saying, "I</ins> will <ins>surely</ins> bless <del>thee,</del> <ins>you</ins> and <del>multiplying I will multiply thee.</del> <ins>give you many descendants."</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 6:15]</b> And <del>so,</del> <ins>so</ins> after <del>he had patiently endured, he obtained the promise.</del> <ins>waiting patiently, Abraham received what was promised.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 6:16]</b> <del>For men verily</del> <ins>Men</ins> swear by <del>the greater:</del> <ins>someone greater than themselves,</ins> and <del>an</del> <ins>the</ins> oath <del>for confirmation</del> <ins>confirms what</ins> is <del>to them</del> <ins>said and puts</ins> an end <del>of</del> <ins>to</ins> all <del>strife.</del> <ins>argument.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 6:17]</b> <del>Wherein God, willing more abundantly</del> <ins>Because God wanted</ins> to <del>shew unto</del> <ins>make the unchanging nature of his purpose very clear to</ins> the heirs of <del>promise the immutability of his counsel,</del> <ins>what was promised, he</ins> confirmed it <del>by</del> <ins>with</ins> an <del>oath:</del> <ins>oath.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 6:18]</b> <del>That</del> <ins>God did this so that,</ins> by two <del>immutable things,</del> <ins>unchangeable things</ins> in which it <del>was</del> <ins>is</ins> impossible for God to lie, we <del>might have a strong consolation,</del> who have fled <del>for refuge</del> to <del>lay</del> <ins>take</ins> hold <del>upon</del> <ins>of</ins> the hope <del>set before us:</del> <ins>offered to us may be greatly encouraged.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 6:19]</b> <del>Which hope we</del> <ins>We</ins> have <ins>this hope</ins> as an anchor <del>of</del> <ins>for</ins> the soul, <del>both sure</del> <ins>firm</ins> and <del>stedfast, and which entereth into that within</del> <ins>secure. It enters</ins> the <del>veil;</del> <ins>inner sanctuary behind the curtain,</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 6:20]</b> <del>Whither the forerunner is for us entered, even</del> <ins>where</ins> Jesus, <del>made an</del> <ins>who went before us, has entered on our behalf. He has become a</ins> high priest <del>for ever after</del> <ins>forever, in</ins> the order of <del>Melchisedec.</del> <ins>Melchizedek.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 7:1]</b> <del>For this Melchisedec,</del> <ins>This Melchizedek was</ins> king of <del>Salem,</del> <ins>Salem and</ins> priest of <del>the most high God, who</del> <ins>God Most High. He</ins> met Abraham returning from the <del>slaughter</del> <ins>defeat</ins> of the <del>kings,</del> <ins>kings</ins> and blessed <del>him;</del> <ins>him,</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 7:2]</b> <del>To whom also</del> <ins>and</ins> Abraham gave <ins>him</ins> a tenth <del>part</del> of <del>all; first being by interpretation King</del> <ins>everything. First, his name means "king</ins> of <del>righteousness, and after that also King</del> <ins>righteousness"; then also, "king</ins> of <del>Salem, which is, King</del> <ins>Salem" means "king</ins> of <del>peace;</del> <ins>peace."</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 7:3]</b> Without <del>father, without</del> <ins>father or</ins> mother, without <del>descent, having neither</del> <ins>genealogy, without</ins> beginning of <del>days, nor</del> <ins>days or</ins> end of <del>life; but made</del> <ins>life,</ins> like <del>unto</del> the Son of <del>God; abideth</del> <ins>God he remains</ins> a priest <del>continually.</del> <ins>forever.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 7:4]</b> <del>Now consider</del> <ins>Just think</ins> how great <del>this man was, unto whom even</del> <ins>he was: Even</ins> the patriarch Abraham gave <del>the</del> <ins>him a</ins> tenth of the <del>spoils.</del> <ins>plunder!</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 7:5]</b> <del>And verily they that are of</del> <ins>Now</ins> the <del>sons of Levi, who receive</del> <ins>law requires</ins> the <del>office</del> <ins>descendants</ins> of <del>the priesthood, have a commandment</del> <ins>Levi who become priests</ins> to <del>take tithes of</del> <ins>collect a tenth from</ins> the <del>people according to the law, that</del> <ins>people--that</ins> is, <del>of</del> their <del>brethren,</del> <ins>brothers--even</ins> though <del>they come out of the loins of Abraham:</del> <ins>their brothers are descended from Abraham.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 7:6]</b> <del>But he whose descent is</del> <ins>This man, however, did</ins> not <del>counted</del> <ins>trace his descent</ins> from <del>them received tithes of Abraham,</del> <ins>Levi, yet he collected a tenth from Abraham</ins> and blessed him <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> had the promises.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 7:7]</b> And without <del>all contradiction</del> <ins>doubt</ins> the <del>less</del> <ins>lesser person</ins> is blessed <del>of</del> <ins>by</ins> the <del>better.</del> <ins>greater.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 7:8]</b> <del>And here men that die receive tithes; but there he receiveth them, of whom it</del> <ins>In the one case, the tenth</ins> is <del>witnessed that he liveth.</del> <ins>collected by men who die; but in the other case, by him who is declared to be living.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 7:9]</b> <del>And as I may so say, Levi also,</del> <ins>One might even say that Levi,</ins> who <del>receiveth tithes, payed tithes in Abraham.</del> <ins>collects the tenth, paid the tenth through Abraham,</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 7:10]</b> <del>For he</del> <ins>because when Melchizedek met Abraham, Levi</ins> was <del>yet</del> <ins>still</ins> in the <del>loins</del> <ins>body</ins> of his <del>father, when Melchisedec met him.</del> <ins>ancestor.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 7:11]</b> If <del>therefore</del> perfection <del>were by</del> <ins>could have been attained through</ins> the Levitical <del>priesthood,</del> <ins>priesthood</ins> (for <del>under</del> <ins>on the basis of</ins> it the <del>people received</del> <ins>law was given to</ins> the <del>law,) what further need</del> <ins>people), why</ins> was there <del>that</del> <ins>still need for</ins> another priest <del>should rise after</del> <ins>to come--one in</ins> the order of <del>Melchisedec, and</del> <ins>Melchizedek,</ins> not <del>be called after</del> <ins>in</ins> the order of Aaron?</p><p><b>[Hebrews 7:12]</b> For <del>the priesthood being changed,</del> <ins>when</ins> there is <del>made of necessity</del> a change <ins>of the priesthood, there must</ins> also <ins>be a change</ins> of the law.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 7:13]</b> <del>For he</del> <ins>He</ins> of whom these things are <del>spoken pertaineth</del> <ins>said belonged</ins> to <del>another</del> <ins>a different</ins> tribe, <del>of which</del> <ins>and</ins> no <del>man gave attendance</del> <ins>one from that tribe has ever served</ins> at the altar.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 7:14]</b> For it is <del>evident</del> <ins>clear</ins> that our Lord <del>sprang out of Juda; of which</del> <ins>descended from Judah, and in regard to that</ins> tribe Moses <del>spake</del> <ins>said</ins> nothing <del>concerning priesthood.</del> <ins>about priests.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 7:15]</b> And <del>it</del> <ins>what we have said</ins> is <del>yet far</del> <ins>even</ins> more <del>evident: for that after the similitude of Melchisedec there ariseth</del> <ins>clear if</ins> another <del>priest,</del> <ins>priest like Melchizedek appears,</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 7:16]</b> <del>Who is made,</del> <ins>one who has become a priest</ins> not <del>after</del> <ins>on</ins> the <del>law</del> <ins>basis</ins> of a <del>carnal commandment,</del> <ins>regulation as to his ancestry</ins> but <del>after</del> <ins>on the basis of</ins> the power of an <del>endless</del> <ins>indestructible</ins> life.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 7:17]</b> For <del>he testifieth, Thou art</del> <ins>it is declared: "You are</ins> a priest <del>for ever after</del> <ins>forever, in</ins> the order of <del>Melchisedec.</del> <ins>Melchizedek."</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 7:18]</b> <del>For there</del> <ins>The former regulation</ins> is <del>verily a disannulling of the commandment going before for the weakness</del> <ins>set aside because it was weak</ins> and <del>unprofitableness thereof.</del> <ins>useless</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 7:19]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>(for</ins> the law made nothing <del>perfect, but the bringing in of</del> <ins>perfect), and</ins> a better hope <del>did;</del> <ins>is introduced,</ins> by <del>the</del> which we draw <del>nigh unto</del> <ins>near to</ins> God.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 7:20]</b> And <del>inasmuch as</del> <ins>it was</ins> not without an <del>oath he was made priest:</del> <ins>oath! Others became priests without any oath,</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 7:21]</b> <del>(For those priests were made without an oath;</del> but <del>this</del> <ins>he became a priest</ins> with an oath <del>by him that</del> <ins>when God</ins> said <del>unto him, The</del> <ins>to him: "The</ins> Lord <del>sware</del> <ins>has sworn</ins> and will not <del>repent, Thou art</del> <ins>change his mind: 'You are</ins> a priest <del>for ever after the order of Melchisedec:)</del> <ins>forever.'"</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 7:22]</b> <del>By so much was</del> <ins>Because of this oath,</ins> Jesus <del>made a surety</del> <ins>has become the guarantee</ins> of a better <del>testament.</del> <ins>covenant.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 7:23]</b> <del>And they truly were</del> <ins>Now there have been</ins> many <del>priests, because they were not suffered to continue by reason</del> of <del>death:</del> <ins>those priests, since death prevented them from continuing in office;</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 7:24]</b> <del>But this man,</del> <ins>but</ins> because <ins>Jesus lives forever,</ins> he <del>continueth ever, hath an unchangeable</del> <ins>has a permanent</ins> priesthood.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 7:25]</b> <del>Wherefore</del> <ins>Therefore</ins> he is able <del>also</del> to save <del>them to the uttermost that</del> <ins>completely those who</ins> come <del>unto God by him, seeing he ever liveth</del> to <del>make intercession</del> <ins>God through him, because he always lives to intercede</ins> for them.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 7:26]</b> <del>For such an</del> <ins>Such a</ins> high priest <del>became us,</del> <ins>meets our need--one</ins> who is holy, <del>harmless, undefiled, separate</del> <ins>blameless, pure, set apart</ins> from sinners, <del>and made higher than</del> <ins>exalted above</ins> the <del>heavens;</del> <ins>heavens.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 7:27]</b> <del>Who needeth not daily, as those</del> <ins>Unlike the other</ins> high priests, <ins>he does not need</ins> to offer <del>up sacrifice,</del> <ins>sacrifices day after day,</ins> first for his own sins, and then for the <del>people's:</del> <ins>sins of the people. He sacrificed</ins> for <del>this he did once,</del> <ins>their sins once for all</ins> when he offered <del>up</del> himself.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 7:28]</b> For the law <del>maketh men</del> <ins>appoints as</ins> high priests <del>which have infirmity;</del> <ins>men who are weak;</ins> but <del>the word of</del> the oath, which <del>was since</del> <ins>came after</ins> the law, <del>maketh</del> <ins>appointed</ins> the Son, who <del>is consecrated for evermore.</del> <ins>has been made perfect forever.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 8:1]</b> <del>Now</del> <ins>The point</ins> of <del>the things which</del> <ins>what</ins> we <del>have spoken this</del> <ins>are saying</ins> is <del>the sum:</del> <ins>this:</ins> We <ins>do</ins> have such <del>an</del> <ins>a</ins> high priest, who <del>is set on</del> <ins>sat down at</ins> the right hand of the throne of the Majesty in <del>the heavens;</del> <ins>heaven,</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 8:2]</b> <del>A minister of</del> <ins>and who serves in</ins> the sanctuary, <del>and of</del> the true <del>tabernacle, which</del> <ins>tabernacle set up by</ins> the <del>Lord pitched, and</del> <ins>Lord,</ins> not <ins>by</ins> man.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 8:3]</b> <del>For every</del> <ins>Every</ins> high priest is <del>ordained</del> <ins>appointed</ins> to offer <ins>both</ins> gifts and <del>sacrifices: wherefore</del> <ins>sacrifices, and so</ins> it <del>is of necessity that</del> <ins>was necessary for</ins> this <del>man have somewhat</del> <ins>one</ins> also to <ins>have something to</ins> offer.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 8:4]</b> <del>For if</del> <ins>If</ins> he were on earth, he <del>should</del> <ins>would</ins> not be a priest, <del>seeing that</del> <ins>for</ins> there are <del>priests that</del> <ins>already men who</ins> offer <del>gifts according to</del> the <del>law:</del> <ins>gifts prescribed by the law.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 8:5]</b> <del>Who</del> <ins>They</ins> serve <del>unto the example</del> <ins>at a sanctuary that is a copy</ins> and shadow of <del>heavenly things, as</del> <ins>what is in heaven. This is why</ins> Moses was <del>admonished of God</del> <ins>warned</ins> when he was about to <del>make</del> <ins>build</ins> the tabernacle: <del>for, See, saith he,</del> <ins>"See to it</ins> that <del>thou</del> <ins>you</ins> make <del>all things</del> <ins>everything</ins> according to the pattern <del>shewed to thee in</del> <ins>shown you on</ins> the <del>mount.</del> <ins>mountain."</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 8:6]</b> But <del>now hath he obtained a more excellent ministry, by how much also</del> <ins>the ministry Jesus has received is as superior to theirs as the covenant of which</ins> he is <del>the</del> mediator <del>of a better covenant, which was established upon</del> <ins>is superior to the old one, and it is founded on</ins> better promises.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 8:7]</b> For if <del>that first covenant</del> <ins>there</ins> had been <del>faultless, then should</del> <ins>nothing wrong with that first covenant,</ins> no place <ins>would</ins> have been sought for <del>the second.</del> <ins>another.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 8:8]</b> <del>For finding</del> <ins>But God found</ins> fault with <del>them, he saith, Behold,</del> the <del>days come, saith</del> <ins>people and said: "The time is coming, declares</ins> the Lord, when I will make a new covenant with the house of Israel and with the house of <del>Judah:</del> <ins>Judah.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 8:9]</b> <del>Not according to</del> <ins>It will not be like</ins> the covenant <del>that</del> I made with their <del>fathers in the day</del> <ins>forefathers</ins> when I took them by the hand to lead them out of <del>the land of Egypt;</del> <ins>Egypt,</ins> because they <del>continued</del> <ins>did</ins> not <del>in</del> <ins>remain faithful to</ins> my covenant, and I <del>regarded them not, saith</del> <ins>turned away from them, declares</ins> the Lord.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 8:10]</b> <del>For this</del> <ins>This</ins> is the covenant <del>that</del> I will make with the house of Israel after <del>those days, saith</del> <ins>that time, declares</ins> the <del>Lord;</del> <ins>Lord.</ins> I will put my laws <del>into</del> <ins>in</ins> their <del>mind,</del> <ins>minds</ins> and write them <del>in</del> <ins>on</ins> their <del>hearts: and</del> <ins>hearts.</ins> I will be <del>to them a</del> <ins>their</ins> God, and they <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be <del>to me a people:</del> <ins>my people.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 8:11]</b> <del>And they shall not teach every</del> <ins>No longer will a</ins> man <ins>teach</ins> his <del>neighbour, and every</del> <ins>neighbor, or a</ins> man his brother, saying, <del>Know</del> <ins>'Know</ins> the <del>Lord: for</del> <ins>Lord,' because they will</ins> all <del>shall</del> know me, from the least <ins>of them</ins> to the greatest.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 8:12]</b> For I will <del>be merciful to</del> <ins>forgive</ins> their <del>unrighteousness,</del> <ins>wickedness</ins> and <ins>will remember</ins> their sins <del>and their iniquities will I remember</del> no <del>more.</del> <ins>more."</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 8:13]</b> <del>In that</del> <ins>By calling this covenant "new,"</ins> he <del>saith, A new covenant, he hath</del> <ins>has</ins> made the first <del>old. Now that which decayeth</del> <ins>one obsolete;</ins> and <del>waxeth old</del> <ins>what</ins> is <del>ready to vanish away.</del> <ins>obsolete and aging will soon disappear.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 9:1]</b> <del>Then verily</del> <ins>Now</ins> the first covenant had <del>also ordinances of divine service,</del> <ins>regulations for worship</ins> and <del>a worldly</del> <ins>also an earthly</ins> sanctuary.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 9:2]</b> <del>For there was a</del> <ins>A</ins> tabernacle <del>made; the first, wherein</del> was <ins>set up. In its first room were</ins> the <del>candlestick,</del> <ins>lampstand, the table</ins> and the <del>table, and the shewbread; which is</del> <ins>consecrated bread; this was</ins> called the <del>sanctuary.</del> <ins>Holy Place.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 9:3]</b> <del>And after</del> <ins>Behind</ins> the second <del>veil, the tabernacle which is</del> <ins>curtain was a room</ins> called the <del>Holiest of all;</del> <ins>Most Holy Place,</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 9:4]</b> <del>Which</del> <ins>which</ins> had the golden <del>censer,</del> <ins>altar of incense</ins> and the <ins>gold-covered</ins> ark of the <del>covenant overlaid round about with gold, wherein was</del> <ins>covenant. This ark contained</ins> the <del>golden pot</del> <ins>gold jar of manna, Aaron's staff</ins> that had <del>manna, and Aaron's rod that</del> budded, and the <del>tables</del> <ins>stone tablets</ins> of the <del>covenant;</del> <ins>covenant.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 9:5]</b> <del>And over it</del> <ins>Above</ins> the <del>cherubims of glory shadowing</del> <ins>ark were</ins> the <del>mercyseat;</del> <ins>cherubim</ins> of <del>which</del> <ins>the Glory, overshadowing the atonement cover. But</ins> we cannot <del>now speak particularly.</del> <ins>discuss these things in detail now.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 9:6]</b> <del>Now when these things were thus ordained,</del> <ins>When everything had been arranged like this,</ins> the priests <del>went always</del> <ins>entered regularly</ins> into the <del>first tabernacle, accomplishing the service of God.</del> <ins>outer room to carry on their ministry.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 9:7]</b> But <del>into the second went</del> <ins>only</ins> the high priest <del>alone</del> <ins>entered the inner room, and that only</ins> once <del>every</del> <ins>a</ins> year, <del>not</del> <ins>and never</ins> without blood, which he offered for <del>himself,</del> <ins>himself</ins> and for the <del>errors of</del> <ins>sins</ins> the <del>people:</del> <ins>people had committed in ignorance.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 9:8]</b> The Holy <del>Ghost</del> <ins>Spirit was showing by</ins> this <del>signifying,</del> that the way into the <del>holiest of all was</del> <ins>Most Holy Place had</ins> not yet <del>made manifest, while</del> <ins>been disclosed as long</ins> as the first tabernacle was <del>yet standing:</del> <ins>still standing.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 9:9]</b> <del>Which was a figure</del> <ins>This is an illustration</ins> for the <del>time then present, in which were offered both</del> <ins>present time, indicating that the</ins> gifts and <del>sacrifices, that could</del> <ins>sacrifices being offered were</ins> not <del>make him that did the service perfect, as pertaining</del> <ins>able</ins> to <ins>clear</ins> the <del>conscience;</del> <ins>conscience of the worshiper.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 9:10]</b> <del>Which stood</del> <ins>They are</ins> only <del>in meats</del> <ins>a matter of food</ins> and <del>drinks,</del> <ins>drink</ins> and <del>divers washings, and carnal ordinances, imposed on them</del> <ins>various ceremonial washings--external regulations applying</ins> until the time of <del>reformation.</del> <ins>the new order.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 9:11]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>When</ins> Christ <del>being come an</del> <ins>came as</ins> high priest of <ins>the</ins> good things <del>to come, by a</del> <ins>that are already here, he went through the</ins> greater and more perfect <del>tabernacle,</del> <ins>tabernacle that is</ins> not <del>made with hands,</del> <ins>man-made,</ins> that is to say, not <ins>a part</ins> of this <del>building;</del> <ins>creation.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 9:12]</b> <del>Neither</del> <ins>He did not enter</ins> by <ins>means of</ins> the blood of goats and <del>calves,</del> <ins>calves;</ins> but <ins>he entered the Most Holy Place once for all</ins> by his own <del>blood he entered in once into the holy place,</del> <ins>blood,</ins> having obtained eternal <del>redemption for us.</del> <ins>redemption.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 9:13]</b> <del>For if the</del> <ins>The</ins> blood of <del>bulls</del> <ins>goats</ins> and <del>of goats,</del> <ins>bulls</ins> and the ashes of <del>an</del> <ins>a</ins> heifer <del>sprinkling the unclean, sanctifieth to the purifying of the flesh:</del> <ins>sprinkled on those who are ceremonially unclean sanctify them so that they are outwardly clean.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 9:14]</b> How much <del>more shall</del> <ins>more, then, will</ins> the blood of Christ, who through the eternal Spirit offered himself <del>without spot</del> <ins>unblemished</ins> to God, <del>purge your conscience</del> <ins>cleanse our consciences</ins> from <del>dead works</del> <ins>acts that lead</ins> to <ins>death, so that we may</ins> serve the living <del>God?</del> <ins>God!</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 9:15]</b> <del>And for</del> <ins>For</ins> this <del>cause he</del> <ins>reason Christ</ins> is the mediator of <del>the</del> <ins>a</ins> new <del>testament,</del> <ins>covenant,</ins> that <del>by means of death, for</del> <ins>those who are called may receive</ins> the <del>redemption of the transgressions</del> <ins>promised eternal inheritance--now</ins> that <del>were</del> <ins>he has died as a ransom to set them free from the sins committed</ins> under the first <del>testament, they which are called might receive the promise of eternal inheritance.</del> <ins>covenant.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 9:16]</b> <del>For where a testament is, there must also</del> <ins>In the case</ins> of <del>necessity be</del> <ins>a will, it is necessary to prove</ins> the death of the <del>testator.</del> <ins>one who made it,</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 9:17]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>because</ins> a <del>testament</del> <ins>will</ins> is <del>of</del> <ins>in</ins> force <del>after men are dead: otherwise</del> <ins>only when somebody has died;</ins> it <del>is of no strength at all</del> <ins>never takes effect</ins> while the <del>testator liveth.</del> <ins>one who made it is living.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 9:18]</b> <del>Whereupon neither</del> <ins>This is why even</ins> the first <del>testament</del> <ins>covenant</ins> was <del>dedicated</del> <ins>not put into effect</ins> without blood.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 9:19]</b> <del>For when</del> <ins>When</ins> Moses had <del>spoken</del> <ins>proclaimed</ins> every <del>precept</del> <ins>commandment of the law</ins> to all the <del>people according to the law,</del> <ins>people,</ins> he took the blood of <del>calves and of goats,</del> <ins>calves, together</ins> with water, <del>and</del> scarlet <del>wool,</del> <ins>wool</ins> and <ins>branches of</ins> hyssop, and sprinkled <del>both</del> the <del>book,</del> <ins>scroll</ins> and all the <del>people,</del> <ins>people.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 9:20]</b> <del>Saying, This</del> <ins>He said, "This</ins> is the blood of the <del>testament</del> <ins>covenant,</ins> which God <del>hath enjoined unto you.</del> <ins>has commanded you to keep."</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 9:21]</b> <del>Moreover</del> <ins>In the same way,</ins> he sprinkled with <ins>the</ins> blood both the <del>tabernacle,</del> <ins>tabernacle</ins> and <del>all the vessels of the ministry.</del> <ins>everything used in its ceremonies.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 9:22]</b> <del>And almost all things are by</del> <ins>In fact,</ins> the law <del>purged</del> <ins>requires that nearly everything be cleansed</ins> with <del>blood;</del> <ins>blood,</ins> and without <ins>the</ins> shedding of blood <ins>there</ins> is no <del>remission.</del> <ins>forgiveness.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 9:23]</b> It was <del>therefore necessary that</del> <ins>necessary, then, for</ins> the <del>patterns</del> <ins>copies</ins> of <del>things in</del> the <del>heavens should</del> <ins>heavenly things to</ins> be purified with <del>these;</del> <ins>these sacrifices,</ins> but the heavenly things themselves with better sacrifices than these.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 9:24]</b> For Christ <del>is</del> <ins>did</ins> not <del>entered into the holy places made with hands, which are the figures</del> <ins>enter a man-made sanctuary that was only a copy</ins> of the <del>true; but into</del> <ins>true one; he entered</ins> heaven itself, now to appear <del>in the presence of God</del> for <del>us:</del> <ins>us in God's presence.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 9:25]</b> Nor <del>yet that</del> <ins>did</ins> he <del>should</del> <ins>enter heaven to</ins> offer himself <del>often, as</del> <ins>again and again, the way</ins> the high priest <del>entereth into</del> <ins>enters</ins> the <del>holy place</del> <ins>Most Holy Place</ins> every year with blood <del>of others;</del> <ins>that is not his own.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 9:26]</b> <del>For then must he often</del> <ins>Then Christ would</ins> have <del>suffered</del> <ins>had to suffer many times</ins> since the <del>foundation</del> <ins>creation</ins> of the <del>world: but</del> <ins>world. But</ins> now <ins>he has appeared</ins> once <del>in</del> <ins>for all at</ins> the end of the <del>world hath he appeared</del> <ins>ages</ins> to <del>put</del> <ins>do</ins> away <ins>with</ins> sin by the sacrifice of himself.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 9:27]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Just</ins> as <del>it</del> <ins>man</ins> is <del>appointed unto men once</del> <ins>destined</ins> to <del>die, but</del> <ins>die once, and</ins> after <del>this the judgment:</del> <ins>that to face judgment,</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 9:28]</b> <del>So</del> <ins>so</ins> Christ was <ins>sacrificed</ins> once <del>offered</del> to <del>bear</del> <ins>take away</ins> the sins of <del>many;</del> <ins>many people;</ins> and <del>unto them that look for him shall</del> he <ins>will</ins> appear <del>the</del> <ins>a</ins> second <del>time without sin unto salvation.</del> <ins>time, not to bear sin, but to bring salvation to those who are waiting for him.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 10:1]</b> <del>For the</del> <ins>The</ins> law <del>having</del> <ins>is only</ins> a shadow of <ins>the</ins> good things <del>to come, and not</del> <ins>that are coming--not</ins> the <del>very image of the things,</del> <ins>realities themselves. For this reason it</ins> can <del>never with those sacrifices which they offered year</del> <ins>never,</ins> by <del>year continually make</del> the <del>comers thereunto perfect.</del> <ins>same sacrifices repeated endlessly year after year, make perfect those who draw near to worship.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 10:2]</b> <del>For then</del> <ins>If it could,</ins> would they not have <del>ceased to be</del> <ins>stopped being</ins> offered? <del>because that</del> <ins>For</ins> the <del>worshippers once purged should</del> <ins>worshipers would</ins> have <del>had</del> <ins>been cleansed once for all, and would</ins> no <del>more conscience of</del> <ins>longer have felt guilty for their</ins> sins.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 10:3]</b> But <del>in</del> those sacrifices <del>there is a remembrance again made</del> <ins>are an annual reminder</ins> of <del>sins every year.</del> <ins>sins,</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 10:4]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>because</ins> it is <del>not possible that</del> <ins>impossible for</ins> the blood of bulls and <del>of</del> goats <del>should</del> <ins>to</ins> take away sins.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 10:5]</b> <del>Wherefore</del> <ins>Therefore,</ins> when <del>he cometh</del> <ins>Christ came</ins> into the world, he <del>saith, Sacrifice</del> <ins>said: "Sacrifice</ins> and offering <del>thou wouldest not,</del> <ins>you did not desire,</ins> but a body <del>hast thou</del> <ins>you</ins> prepared <del>me:</del> <ins>for me;</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 10:6]</b> <del>In</del> <ins>with</ins> burnt offerings and <del>sacrifices for</del> sin <del>thou hast had no pleasure.</del> <ins>offerings you were not pleased.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 10:7]</b> Then <del>said I, Lo,</del> I <del>come (in the volume of the book it</del> <ins>said, 'Here I am--it</ins> is written <del>of me,)</del> <ins>about me in the scroll--I have come</ins> to do <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> will, O <del>God.</del> <ins>God.'"</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 10:8]</b> <del>Above when</del> <ins>First</ins> he said, <del>Sacrifice</del> <ins>"Sacrifices</ins> and <del>offering and</del> <ins>offerings,</ins> burnt offerings and <del>offering for</del> sin <del>thou wouldest not, neither hadst pleasure therein; which are offered by</del> <ins>offerings you did not desire, nor were you pleased with them" (although</ins> the <del>law;</del> <ins>law required them to be made).</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 10:9]</b> Then <del>said he, Lo,</del> <ins>he said, "Here</ins> I <ins>am, I have</ins> come to do <del>thy will, O God.</del> <ins>your will."</ins> He <del>taketh away</del> <ins>sets aside</ins> the <del>first, that he may</del> <ins>first to</ins> establish the second.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 10:10]</b> <del>By the which will</del> <ins>And by that will,</ins> we <del>are sanctified</del> <ins>have been made holy</ins> through the <del>offering</del> <ins>sacrifice</ins> of the body of Jesus Christ once for all.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 10:11]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Day after day</ins> every priest <del>standeth daily ministering</del> <ins>stands</ins> and <del>offering oftentimes</del> <ins>performs his religious duties; again and again he offers</ins> the same sacrifices, which can never take away <del>sins:</del> <ins>sins.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 10:12]</b> But <ins>when</ins> this <del>man, after he</del> <ins>priest</ins> had offered <ins>for all time</ins> one sacrifice for <del>sins for ever,</del> <ins>sins, he</ins> sat down <del>on</del> <ins>at</ins> the right hand of <del>God;</del> <ins>God.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 10:13]</b> <del>From henceforth expecting till</del> <ins>Since that time he waits for</ins> his enemies <ins>to</ins> be made his <del>footstool.</del> <ins>footstool,</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 10:14]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>because</ins> by one <del>offering</del> <ins>sacrifice</ins> he <del>hath perfected for ever them that</del> <ins>has made perfect forever those who</ins> are <del>sanctified.</del> <ins>being made holy.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 10:15]</b> <del>Whereof the</del> <ins>The</ins> Holy <del>Ghost</del> <ins>Spirit</ins> also <del>is a witness</del> <ins>testifies</ins> to <del>us: for after that</del> <ins>us about this. First</ins> he <del>had said before,</del> <ins>says:</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 10:16]</b> <del>This</del> <ins>"This</ins> is the covenant <del>that</del> I will make with them after <del>those days, saith</del> <ins>that time, says</ins> the <del>Lord,</del> <ins>Lord.</ins> I will put my laws <del>into</del> <ins>in</ins> their hearts, and <del>in their minds will</del> I <ins>will</ins> write <del>them;</del> <ins>them on their minds."</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 10:17]</b> <del>And their</del> <ins>Then he adds: "Their</ins> sins and <del>iniquities will</del> <ins>lawless acts</ins> I <ins>will</ins> remember no <del>more.</del> <ins>more."</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 10:18]</b> <del>Now</del> <ins>And</ins> where <del>remission of</del> these <del>is,</del> <ins>have been forgiven,</ins> there is no <del>more offering</del> <ins>longer any sacrifice</ins> for sin.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 10:19]</b> <del>Having therefore, brethren, boldness</del> <ins>Therefore, brothers, since we have confidence</ins> to enter <del>into</del> the <del>holiest</del> <ins>Most Holy Place</ins> by the blood of Jesus,</p><p><b>[Hebrews 10:20]</b> <del>By</del> <ins>by</ins> a new and living <del>way, which he hath consecrated</del> <ins>way opened</ins> for <del>us,</del> <ins>us</ins> through the <del>veil,</del> <ins>curtain,</ins> that <del>is to say,</del> <ins>is,</ins> his <del>flesh;</del> <ins>body,</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 10:21]</b> <del>And having an high</del> <ins>and since we have a great</ins> priest over the house of <del>God;</del> <ins>God,</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 10:22]</b> <del>Let</del> <ins>let</ins> us draw near <ins>to God</ins> with a <del>true</del> <ins>sincere</ins> heart in full assurance of faith, having our hearts sprinkled <ins>to cleanse us</ins> from <del>an evil conscience,</del> <ins>a guilty conscience</ins> and <ins>having</ins> our bodies washed with pure water.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 10:23]</b> Let us hold <del>fast</del> <ins>unswervingly to</ins> the <del>profession of our faith without wavering; (for</del> <ins>hope we profess, for</ins> he <ins>who promised</ins> is <del>faithful that promised;)</del> <ins>faithful.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 10:24]</b> And let us consider <ins>how we may spur</ins> one another <del>to provoke unto</del> <ins>on toward</ins> love and <del>to</del> good <del>works:</del> <ins>deeds.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 10:25]</b> <del>Not forsaking the assembling of ourselves</del> <ins>Let us not give up meeting</ins> together, as <del>the manner of</del> some <del>is; but exhorting one another: and so much</del> <ins>are in</ins> the <del>more,</del> <ins>habit of doing, but let us encourage one another--and all the more</ins> as <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> see the <del>day</del> <ins>Day</ins> approaching.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 10:26]</b> <del>For if</del> <ins>If</ins> we <del>sin wilfully</del> <ins>deliberately keep on sinning</ins> after <del>that</del> we have received the knowledge of the truth, <del>there remaineth</del> no <del>more</del> sacrifice for <del>sins,</del> <ins>sins is left,</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 10:27]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>but only</ins> a <del>certain</del> fearful <del>looking for</del> <ins>expectation</ins> of judgment and <del>fiery indignation, which shall devour</del> <ins>of raging fire that will consume</ins> the <del>adversaries.</del> <ins>enemies of God.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 10:28]</b> <del>He that despised Moses'</del> <ins>Anyone who rejected the</ins> law <ins>of Moses</ins> died without mercy <del>under</del> <ins>on the testimony of</ins> two or three <del>witnesses:</del> <ins>witnesses.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 10:29]</b> <del>Of how</del> <ins>How</ins> much <del>sorer punishment, suppose ye, shall he</del> <ins>more severely do you think a man deserves to</ins> be <del>thought worthy,</del> <ins>punished</ins> who <del>hath trodden under foot</del> <ins>has trampled</ins> the Son of <del>God, and hath counted</del> <ins>God under foot, who has treated as an unholy thing</ins> the blood of the <del>covenant, wherewith he was sanctified, an unholy thing,</del> <ins>covenant that sanctified him,</ins> and <del>hath done despite unto</del> <ins>who has insulted</ins> the Spirit of grace?</p><p><b>[Hebrews 10:30]</b> For we know him <del>that hath</del> <ins>who</ins> said, <del>Vengeance belongeth unto me,</del> <ins>"It is mine to avenge;</ins> I will <del>recompense, saith the Lord. And</del> <ins>repay," and</ins> again, <del>The</del> <ins>"The</ins> Lord <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> judge his <del>people.</del> <ins>people."</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 10:31]</b> It is a <del>fearful</del> <ins>dreadful</ins> thing to fall into the hands of the living God.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 10:32]</b> <del>But call to remembrance the former days, in which,</del> <ins>Remember those earlier days</ins> after <del>ye were illuminated, ye endured</del> <ins>you had received the light, when you stood your ground in</ins> a great <del>fight</del> <ins>contest in the face</ins> of <del>afflictions;</del> <ins>suffering.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 10:33]</b> <del>Partly, whilst ye</del> <ins>Sometimes you</ins> were <del>made a gazingstock both by reproaches</del> <ins>publicly exposed to insult</ins> and <del>afflictions; and partly, whilst ye became companions of them that</del> <ins>persecution; at other times you stood side by side with those who</ins> were so <del>used.</del> <ins>treated.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 10:34]</b> <del>For ye had compassion of me</del> <ins>You sympathized with those</ins> in <del>my bonds,</del> <ins>prison</ins> and <del>took</del> joyfully <ins>accepted</ins> the <del>spoiling</del> <ins>confiscation</ins> of your <del>goods, knowing in yourselves</del> <ins>property, because you knew</ins> that <del>ye have in heaven a</del> <ins>you yourselves had</ins> better and <del>an enduring substance.</del> <ins>lasting possessions.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 10:35]</b> <del>Cast</del> <ins>So do</ins> not <ins>throw</ins> away <del>therefore</del> your <del>confidence, which hath great recompence of reward.</del> <ins>confidence; it will be richly rewarded.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 10:36]</b> <del>For ye have</del> <ins>You</ins> need <del>of patience, that, after ye</del> <ins>to persevere so that when you</ins> have done the will of God, <del>ye might</del> <ins>you will</ins> receive <del>the promise.</del> <ins>what he has promised.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 10:37]</b> For <del>yet</del> <ins>in just</ins> a <ins>very</ins> little while, <del>and he that shall come</del> <ins>"He who is coming</ins> will <del>come,</del> <ins>come</ins> and will not <del>tarry.</del> <ins>delay.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 10:38]</b> <del>Now the just shall</del> <ins>But my righteous one will</ins> live by <del>faith: but</del> <ins>faith. And</ins> if <del>any man draw</del> <ins>he shrinks</ins> back, <del>my soul shall have no pleasure in him.</del> <ins>I will not be pleased with him."</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 10:39]</b> But we are not of <del>them</del> <ins>those</ins> who <del>draw</del> <ins>shrink</ins> back <del>unto perdition;</del> <ins>and are destroyed,</ins> but of <del>them that</del> <ins>those who</ins> believe <del>to the saving of the soul.</del> <ins>and are saved.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 11:1]</b> Now faith is <del>the substance</del> <ins>being sure</ins> of <del>things hoped for, the evidence</del> <ins>what we hope for and certain</ins> of <del>things</del> <ins>what we do</ins> not <del>seen.</del> <ins>see.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 11:2]</b> <del>For by it</del> <ins>This is what</ins> the <del>elders obtained a good report.</del> <ins>ancients were commended for.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 11:3]</b> <del>Through</del> <ins>By</ins> faith we understand that the <del>worlds were framed by the word of God,</del> <ins>universe was formed at God's command,</ins> so that <del>things which are</del> <ins>what is</ins> seen <del>were</del> <ins>was</ins> not made <ins>out</ins> of <del>things which do appear.</del> <ins>what was visible.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 11:4]</b> By faith Abel offered <del>unto</del> God a <del>more excellent</del> <ins>better</ins> sacrifice than <del>Cain, by which he obtained witness that</del> <ins>Cain did. By faith</ins> he was <del>righteous,</del> <ins>commended as a righteous man, when</ins> God <del>testifying</del> <ins>spoke well</ins> of his <del>gifts: and</del> <ins>offerings. And</ins> by <del>it</del> <ins>faith</ins> he <del>being dead yet speaketh.</del> <ins>still speaks, even though he is dead.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 11:5]</b> By faith Enoch was <del>translated</del> <ins>taken from this life, so</ins> that he <del>should</del> <ins>did</ins> not <del>see</del> <ins>experience</ins> death; <del>and was</del> <ins>he could</ins> not <ins>be</ins> found, because God had <del>translated him: for</del> <ins>taken him away. For</ins> before <del>his translation</del> he <del>had this testimony, that</del> <ins>was taken,</ins> he <ins>was commended as one who</ins> pleased God.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 11:6]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>And</ins> without faith it is impossible to please <del>him: for he that cometh</del> <ins>God, because anyone who comes</ins> to <del>God</del> <ins>him</ins> must believe that he <del>is,</del> <ins>exists</ins> and that he <del>is a rewarder of them that diligently</del> <ins>rewards those who earnestly</ins> seek him.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 11:7]</b> By faith Noah, <del>being</del> <ins>when</ins> warned <del>of God of</del> <ins>about</ins> things not <del>seen as yet, moved with fear, prepared</del> <ins>yet seen, in holy fear built</ins> an ark to <del>the saving of</del> <ins>save</ins> his <del>house; by the which</del> <ins>family. By his faith</ins> he condemned the <del>world,</del> <ins>world</ins> and became heir of the righteousness <del>which is</del> <ins>that comes</ins> by faith.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 11:8]</b> By faith Abraham, when <del>he was</del> called to go <del>out into</del> <ins>to</ins> a place <del>which</del> he <del>should after</del> <ins>would later</ins> receive <del>for an</del> <ins>as his</ins> inheritance, <del>obeyed;</del> <ins>obeyed</ins> and <ins>went, even though</ins> he <del>went out,</del> <ins>did</ins> not <del>knowing whither</del> <ins>know where</ins> he <del>went.</del> <ins>was going.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 11:9]</b> By faith he <del>sojourned</del> <ins>made his home</ins> in the <ins>promised</ins> land <del>of promise, as</del> <ins>like a stranger</ins> in a <del>strange country, dwelling</del> <ins>foreign country; he lived</ins> in <del>tabernacles with</del> <ins>tents, as did</ins> Isaac and Jacob, <del>the</del> <ins>who were</ins> heirs with him of the same <del>promise:</del> <ins>promise.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 11:10]</b> For he <del>looked for a</del> <ins>was looking forward to the</ins> city <del>which hath</del> <ins>with</ins> foundations, whose <del>builder</del> <ins>architect</ins> and <del>maker</del> <ins>builder</ins> is God.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 11:11]</b> <del>Through</del> <ins>By</ins> faith <del>also Sara herself received strength to conceive seed, and was delivered of a child when she</del> <ins>Abraham, even though he</ins> was past <del>age,</del> <ins>age--and Sarah herself was barren--was enabled to become a father</ins> because <del>she judged</del> <ins>he considered</ins> him faithful who had <del>promised.</del> <ins>made the promise.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 11:12]</b> <del>Therefore sprang there even of one,</del> <ins>And so from this one man,</ins> and <del>him</del> <ins>he</ins> as good as dead, <del>so many</del> <ins>came descendants as numerous</ins> as the stars <del>of</del> <ins>in</ins> the sky <del>in multitude,</del> and <ins>as countless</ins> as the sand <del>which is by</del> <ins>on</ins> the <del>sea shore innumerable.</del> <ins>seashore.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 11:13]</b> <del>These all died in faith, not having received the promises, but having seen them afar off, and</del> <ins>All these people</ins> were <del>persuaded of them,</del> <ins>still living by faith when they died. They did not receive the things promised; they only saw them</ins> and <del>embraced them, and confessed</del> <ins>welcomed them from a distance. And they admitted</ins> that they were <del>strangers</del> <ins>aliens</ins> and <del>pilgrims</del> <ins>strangers</ins> on <del>the</del> earth.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 11:14]</b> <del>For they that</del> <ins>People who</ins> say such things <del>declare plainly</del> <ins>show</ins> that they <del>seek</del> <ins>are looking for</ins> a <del>country.</del> <ins>country of their own.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 11:15]</b> <del>And truly, if</del> <ins>If</ins> they had been <del>mindful</del> <ins>thinking</ins> of <del>that</del> <ins>the</ins> country <del>from whence</del> they <del>came out,</del> <ins>had left,</ins> they <del>might</del> <ins>would</ins> have had opportunity to <del>have returned.</del> <ins>return.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 11:16]</b> <del>But now</del> <ins>Instead,</ins> they <del>desire</del> <ins>were longing for</ins> a better <del>country, that is, an heavenly: wherefore</del> <ins>country--a heavenly one. Therefore</ins> God is not ashamed to be called their <del>God:</del> <ins>God,</ins> for he <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> prepared <del>for them</del> a <del>city.</del> <ins>city for them.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 11:17]</b> By faith Abraham, when <del>he was tried,</del> <ins>God tested him,</ins> offered <del>up Isaac: and he that</del> <ins>Isaac as a sacrifice. He who</ins> had received the promises <del>offered up</del> <ins>was about to sacrifice</ins> his <ins>one and</ins> only <del>begotten</del> son,</p><p><b>[Hebrews 11:18]</b> <del>Of whom it was said, That in</del> <ins>even though God had said to him, "It is through</ins> Isaac <del>shall thy seed</del> <ins>that your offspring will</ins> be <del>called:</del> <ins>reckoned."</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 11:19]</b> <del>Accounting</del> <ins>Abraham reasoned</ins> that God <del>was able to</del> <ins>could</ins> raise <del>him up, even from</del> the <del>dead; from whence also</del> <ins>dead, and figuratively speaking,</ins> he <del>received him in a figure.</del> <ins>did receive Isaac back from death.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 11:20]</b> By faith Isaac blessed Jacob and Esau <del>concerning things</del> <ins>in regard</ins> to <del>come.</del> <ins>their future.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 11:21]</b> By faith Jacob, when he was <del>a</del> dying, blessed <del>both the sons</del> <ins>each</ins> of <del>Joseph;</del> <ins>Joseph's sons,</ins> and <del>worshipped, leaning upon</del> <ins>worshiped as he leaned on</ins> the top of his staff.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 11:22]</b> By faith Joseph, when <del>he died, made mention</del> <ins>his end was near, spoke about the exodus</ins> of the <del>departing of the children of Israel;</del> <ins>Israelites from Egypt</ins> and gave <del>commandment concerning</del> <ins>instructions about</ins> his bones.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 11:23]</b> By faith <del>Moses, when</del> <ins>Moses' parents hid him for three months after</ins> he was born, <del>was hid three months of his parents,</del> because they saw he was <del>a proper child;</del> <ins>no ordinary child,</ins> and they were not afraid of the king's <del>commandment.</del> <ins>edict.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 11:24]</b> By faith Moses, when he <del>was come to years,</del> <ins>had grown up,</ins> refused to be <del>called</del> <ins>known as</ins> the son of Pharaoh's <del>daughter;</del> <ins>daughter.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 11:25]</b> <del>Choosing rather</del> <ins>He chose</ins> to <del>suffer affliction</del> <ins>be mistreated along</ins> with the people of <del>God,</del> <ins>God rather</ins> than to enjoy the pleasures of sin for a <del>season;</del> <ins>short time.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 11:26]</b> <del>Esteeming</del> <ins>He regarded disgrace for</ins> the <del>reproach</del> <ins>sake</ins> of Christ <ins>as of</ins> greater <del>riches</del> <ins>value</ins> than the treasures <del>in Egypt: for he had respect unto the recompence</del> of <del>the</del> <ins>Egypt, because he was looking ahead to his</ins> reward.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 11:27]</b> By faith he <del>forsook</del> <ins>left</ins> Egypt, not fearing the <del>wrath of the king: for</del> <ins>king's anger;</ins> he <del>endured, as seeing</del> <ins>persevered because he saw</ins> him who is invisible.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 11:28]</b> <del>Through</del> <ins>By</ins> faith he kept the <del>passover,</del> <ins>Passover</ins> and the sprinkling of blood, <del>lest he</del> <ins>so</ins> that <del>destroyed</del> <ins>the destroyer of</ins> the firstborn <del>should</del> <ins>would not</ins> touch <del>them.</del> <ins>the firstborn of Israel.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 11:29]</b> By faith <del>they</del> <ins>the people</ins> passed through the Red <del>sea</del> <ins>Sea</ins> as <del>by</del> <ins>on</ins> dry <del>land: which</del> <ins>land; but when</ins> the Egyptians <del>assaying</del> <ins>tried</ins> to do <ins>so, they</ins> were drowned.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 11:30]</b> By faith the walls of Jericho <del>fell down,</del> <ins>fell,</ins> after <del>they were compassed about</del> <ins>the people had marched around them for</ins> seven days.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 11:31]</b> By faith the <del>harlot Rahab perished not with them that believed not, when</del> <ins>prostitute Rahab, because</ins> she <del>had received</del> <ins>welcomed</ins> the <del>spies</del> <ins>spies, was not killed</ins> with <del>peace.</del> <ins>those who were disobedient.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 11:32]</b> And what <ins>more</ins> shall I <del>more</del> say? <del>for the</del> <ins>I do not have</ins> time <del>would fail me</del> to tell <del>of Gedeon, and of</del> <ins>about Gideon,</ins> Barak, <del>and of</del> Samson, <ins>Jephthah, David, Samuel</ins> and <del>of Jephthae; of David also, and Samuel, and of</del> the <del>prophets:</del> <ins>prophets,</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 11:33]</b> <del>Who</del> <ins>who</ins> through faith <del>subdued</del> <ins>conquered</ins> kingdoms, <del>wrought righteousness, obtained promises, stopped</del> <ins>administered justice, and gained what was promised; who shut</ins> the mouths of <del>lions.</del> <ins>lions,</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 11:34]</b> <del>Quenched</del> <ins>quenched</ins> the <del>violence</del> <ins>fury</ins> of <del>fire,</del> <ins>the flames, and</ins> escaped the edge of the <del>sword, out of</del> <ins>sword; whose</ins> weakness <del>were made strong, waxed valiant in fight,</del> <ins>was</ins> turned to <del>flight the armies of the aliens.</del> <ins>strength; and who became powerful in battle and routed foreign armies.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 11:35]</b> Women received <ins>back</ins> their <del>dead</del> <ins>dead,</ins> raised to life <del>again: and others</del> <ins>again. Others</ins> were <del>tortured, not accepting deliverance;</del> <ins>tortured and refused to be released, so</ins> that they might <del>obtain</del> <ins>gain</ins> a better <del>resurrection:</del> <ins>resurrection.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 11:36]</b> <del>And others had trial of cruel mockings</del> <ins>Some faced jeers</ins> and <del>scourgings, yea, moreover of bonds</del> <ins>flogging, while still others were chained</ins> and <del>imprisonment:</del> <ins>put in prison.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 11:37]</b> They were <del>stoned,</del> <ins>stoned;</ins> they were <del>sawn asunder, were tempted, were slain with the sword:</del> <ins>sawed in two;</ins> they <del>wandered</del> <ins>were put to death by the sword. They went</ins> about in sheepskins and <del>goatskins; being</del> <ins>goatskins,</ins> destitute, <del>afflicted, tormented;</del> <ins>persecuted and mistreated--</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 11:38]</b> <del>(Of whom</del> the world was not <del>worthy:) they</del> <ins>worthy of them. They</ins> wandered in <del>deserts,</del> <ins>deserts</ins> and <del>in</del> mountains, and in <del>dens and</del> caves <del>of</del> <ins>and holes in</ins> the <del>earth.</del> <ins>ground.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 11:39]</b> <del>And these all, having obtained a good report through</del> <ins>These were all commended for their</ins> faith, <ins>yet none of them</ins> received <del>not the promise:</del> <ins>what had been promised.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 11:40]</b> God <del>having provided some</del> <ins>had planned something</ins> better <del>thing</del> for <del>us, that they without</del> us <del>should not</del> <ins>so that only together with us would they</ins> be made perfect.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 12:1]</b> <del>Wherefore seeing</del> <ins>Therefore, since</ins> we <del>also</del> are <del>compassed about with so great</del> <ins>surrounded by such</ins> a <ins>great</ins> cloud of witnesses, let us <del>lay aside every weight,</del> <ins>throw off everything that hinders</ins> and the sin <del>which doth</del> <ins>that</ins> so easily <del>beset us,</del> <ins>entangles,</ins> and let us run with <del>patience</del> <ins>perseverance</ins> the race <del>that is set before us,</del> <ins>marked out for us.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 12:2]</b> <del>Looking unto Jesus</del> <ins>Let us fix our eyes on Jesus,</ins> the author and <del>finisher</del> <ins>perfecter</ins> of our <del>faith;</del> <ins>faith,</ins> who for the joy <del>that was</del> set before him endured the cross, <del>despising the</del> <ins>scorning its</ins> shame, and <del>is set</del> <ins>sat</ins> down at the right hand of the throne of God.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 12:3]</b> <del>For consider</del> <ins>Consider</ins> him <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> endured such <del>contradiction of sinners against himself, lest ye be wearied</del> <ins>opposition from sinful men, so that you will not grow weary</ins> and <del>faint in your minds.</del> <ins>lose heart.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 12:4]</b> <del>Ye</del> <ins>In your struggle against sin, you</ins> have not yet resisted <del>unto blood, striving against sin.</del> <ins>to the point of shedding your blood.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 12:5]</b> And <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> have forgotten <del>the exhortation which speaketh unto</del> <ins>that word of encouragement that addresses</ins> you as <del>unto children, My</del> <ins>sons: "My</ins> son, <del>despise</del> <ins>do</ins> not <del>thou the chastening</del> <ins>make light</ins> of the <del>Lord, nor faint</del> <ins>Lord's discipline, and do not lose heart</ins> when <del>thou art rebuked of him:</del> <ins>he rebukes you,</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 12:6]</b> <del>For whom</del> <ins>because</ins> the Lord <del>loveth</del> <ins>disciplines those</ins> he <del>chasteneth,</del> <ins>loves,</ins> and <del>scourgeth every son whom</del> he <del>receiveth.</del> <ins>punishes everyone he accepts as a son."</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 12:7]</b> <del>If ye endure chastening,</del> <ins>Endure hardship as discipline;</ins> God <del>dealeth with</del> <ins>is treating</ins> you as <del>with sons; for</del> <ins>sons. For</ins> what son is <del>he whom the father chasteneth not?</del> <ins>not disciplined by his father?</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 12:8]</b> <del>But if ye be without chastisement, whereof all</del> <ins>If you</ins> are <del>partakers,</del> <ins>not disciplined (and everyone undergoes discipline),</ins> then <ins>you</ins> are <del>ye bastards,</del> <ins>illegitimate children</ins> and not <ins>true</ins> sons.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 12:9]</b> <del>Furthermore</del> <ins>Moreover,</ins> we have <ins>all</ins> had <ins>human</ins> fathers <del>of our flesh which corrected us,</del> <ins>who disciplined us</ins> and we <del>gave</del> <ins>respected</ins> them <del>reverence: shall we not</del> <ins>for it. How</ins> much <del>rather be in subjection unto</del> <ins>more should we submit to</ins> the Father of <del>spirits,</del> <ins>our spirits</ins> and <del>live?</del> <ins>live!</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 12:10]</b> <del>For they verily</del> <ins>Our fathers disciplined us</ins> for a <del>few days chastened us after their own pleasure;</del> <ins>little while as they thought best;</ins> but <del>he</del> <ins>God disciplines us</ins> for our <del>profit,</del> <ins>good,</ins> that we <del>might be partakers of</del> <ins>may share in</ins> his holiness.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 12:11]</b> <del>Now no chastening for</del> <ins>No discipline seems pleasant at</ins> the <del>present seemeth to be joyous,</del> <ins>time,</ins> but <del>grievous: nevertheless afterward</del> <ins>painful. Later on, however,</ins> it <del>yieldeth the peaceable fruit</del> <ins>produces a harvest</ins> of righteousness <del>unto them which are exercised thereby.</del> <ins>and peace for those who have been trained by it.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 12:12]</b> <del>Wherefore lift up the hands which hang down, and the</del> <ins>Therefore, strengthen your</ins> feeble <del>knees;</del> <ins>arms and weak knees.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 12:13]</b> <del>And make straight</del> <ins>"Make level</ins> paths for your <del>feet, lest</del> <ins>feet," so</ins> that <del>which is lame be turned out of</del> the <del>way; but let it rather</del> <ins>lame may not</ins> be <ins>disabled, but rather</ins> healed.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 12:14]</b> <del>Follow</del> <ins>Make every effort to live in</ins> peace with all <del>men,</del> <ins>men</ins> and <del>holiness,</del> <ins>to be holy;</ins> without <del>which</del> <ins>holiness</ins> no <del>man shall</del> <ins>one will</ins> see the <del>Lord:</del> <ins>Lord.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 12:15]</b> <del>Looking diligently lest any man fail of</del> <ins>See to it that no one misses</ins> the grace of <del>God; lest any root of bitterness springing up trouble you,</del> <ins>God</ins> and <del>thereby many be defiled;</del> <ins>that no bitter root grows up to cause trouble and defile many.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 12:16]</b> <del>Lest there be any fornicator,</del> <ins>See that no one is sexually immoral,</ins> or <del>profane person, as</del> <ins>is godless like</ins> Esau, who for <del>one morsel of meat</del> <ins>a single meal</ins> sold his <del>birthright.</del> <ins>inheritance rights as the oldest son.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 12:17]</b> <del>For ye know how that afterward,</del> <ins>Afterward, as you know,</ins> when he <del>would have inherited the</del> <ins>wanted to inherit this</ins> blessing, he was <del>rejected: for he found</del> <ins>rejected. He could bring about</ins> no <del>place</del> <ins>change</ins> of <del>repentance,</del> <ins>mind,</ins> though he sought <del>it carefully</del> <ins>the blessing</ins> with tears.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 12:18]</b> <del>For ye are</del> <ins>You have</ins> not come <del>unto the mount</del> <ins>to a mountain</ins> that <del>might</del> <ins>can</ins> be <del>touched,</del> <ins>touched</ins> and that <del>burned</del> <ins>is burning</ins> with <del>fire, nor unto blackness, and</del> <ins>fire; to</ins> darkness, <ins>gloom</ins> and <del>tempest,</del> <ins>storm;</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 12:19]</b> <del>And the sound of</del> <ins>to</ins> a <del>trumpet, and the</del> <ins>trumpet blast or to such a</ins> voice <del>of words; which voice they</del> <ins>speaking words</ins> that <ins>those who</ins> heard <del>intreated</del> <ins>it begged</ins> that <del>the</del> <ins>no further</ins> word <del>should not</del> be spoken to <del>them any more:</del> <ins>them,</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 12:20]</b> <del>(For</del> <ins>because</ins> they could not <del>endure that which</del> <ins>bear what</ins> was <del>commanded, And if so much as a beast touch</del> <ins>commanded: "If even an animal touches</ins> the mountain, it <del>shall</del> <ins>must</ins> be <del>stoned, or thrust through with a dart:</del> <ins>stoned."</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 12:21]</b> <del>And so terrible</del> <ins>The sight</ins> was <del>the sight,</del> <ins>so terrifying</ins> that Moses said, <del>I exceedingly fear and quake:)</del> <ins>"I am trembling with fear."</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 12:22]</b> But <del>ye are</del> <ins>you have</ins> come <del>unto mount Sion, and unto</del> <ins>to Mount Zion, to the heavenly Jerusalem,</ins> the city of the living <del>God, the heavenly Jerusalem, and</del> <ins>God. You have come</ins> to <del>an innumerable company</del> <ins>thousands upon thousands</ins> of <del>angels,</del> <ins>angels in joyful assembly,</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 12:23]</b> <del>To</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>general assembly and</del> church of the firstborn, <del>which</del> <ins>whose names</ins> are written in <del>heaven, and</del> <ins>heaven. You have come</ins> to <del>God</del> <ins>God,</ins> the <del>Judge</del> <ins>judge</ins> of <del>all, and</del> <ins>all men,</ins> to the spirits of <del>just</del> <ins>righteous</ins> men made perfect,</p><p><b>[Hebrews 12:24]</b> <del>And</del> to Jesus the mediator of <del>the</del> <ins>a</ins> new covenant, and to the <ins>sprinkled blood that speaks a better word than the</ins> blood of <del>sprinkling, that speaketh better things than that of</del> Abel.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 12:25]</b> See <ins>to it</ins> that <del>ye refuse</del> <ins>you do</ins> not <ins>refuse</ins> him <del>that speaketh. For if they escaped not</del> who <ins>speaks. If they did not escape when they</ins> refused him <del>that spake</del> <ins>who warned them</ins> on earth, <ins>how</ins> much <del>more shall not we escape,</del> <ins>less will we,</ins> if we turn away from him <del>that speaketh</del> <ins>who warns us</ins> from <del>heaven:</del> <ins>heaven?</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 12:26]</b> <del>Whose</del> <ins>At that time his</ins> voice <del>then</del> shook the <del>earth:</del> <ins>earth,</ins> but now he <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> promised, <del>saying, Yet once</del> <ins>"Once</ins> more I <ins>will</ins> shake not <ins>only</ins> the earth <del>only,</del> but also <del>heaven.</del> <ins>the heavens."</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 12:27]</b> <del>And this word, Yet once more, signifieth</del> <ins>The words "once more" indicate</ins> the removing of <del>those things</del> <ins>what can be shaken--that is, created things--so</ins> that <del>are shaken, as of things that are made, that those things which</del> <ins>what</ins> cannot be shaken may remain.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 12:28]</b> <del>Wherefore</del> <ins>Therefore, since</ins> we <ins>are</ins> receiving a kingdom <del>which</del> <ins>that</ins> cannot be <del>moved,</del> <ins>shaken,</ins> let us <del>have grace, whereby we may serve</del> <ins>be thankful, and so worship</ins> God acceptably with reverence and <del>godly fear:</del> <ins>awe,</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 12:29]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>for</ins> our <del>God</del> <ins>"God</ins> is a consuming <del>fire.</del> <ins>fire."</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 13:1]</b> <del>Let brotherly love continue.</del> <ins>Keep on loving each other as brothers.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 13:2]</b> <del>Be</del> <ins>Do</ins> not <del>forgetful</del> <ins>forget</ins> to entertain <del>strangers:</del> <ins>strangers,</ins> for <del>thereby</del> <ins>by so doing</ins> some <ins>people</ins> have entertained angels <del>unawares.</del> <ins>without knowing it.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 13:3]</b> Remember <del>them that are</del> <ins>those</ins> in <del>bonds,</del> <ins>prison</ins> as <del>bound with them;</del> <ins>if you were their fellow prisoners,</ins> and <del>them which suffer adversity,</del> <ins>those who are mistreated</ins> as <del>being</del> <ins>if you</ins> yourselves <del>also in the body.</del> <ins>were suffering.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 13:4]</b> Marriage <del>is honourable in</del> <ins>should be honored by</ins> all, and the <ins>marriage</ins> bed <del>undefiled: but whoremongers and adulterers</del> <ins>kept pure, for</ins> God will <del>judge.</del> <ins>judge the adulterer and all the sexually immoral.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 13:5]</b> <del>Let</del> <ins>Keep</ins> your <del>conversation be without covetousness;</del> <ins>lives free from the love of money</ins> and be content with <del>such things as ye have: for he hath</del> <ins>what you have, because God has</ins> said, <del>I</del> <ins>"Never</ins> will <del>never</del> <ins>I</ins> leave <del>thee, nor</del> <ins>you; never will I</ins> forsake <del>thee.</del> <ins>you."</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 13:6]</b> So <del>that</del> we <del>may boldly say, The</del> <ins>say with confidence, "The</ins> Lord is my <del>helper, and</del> <ins>helper;</ins> I will not <del>fear what</del> <ins>be afraid. What can</ins> man <del>shall</del> do <del>unto me.</del> <ins>to me?"</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 13:7]</b> Remember <del>them which have the rule over you,</del> <ins>your leaders,</ins> who <del>have spoken unto you</del> <ins>spoke</ins> the word of <del>God: whose faith follow, considering</del> <ins>God to you. Consider</ins> the <del>end</del> <ins>outcome</ins> of their <del>conversation.</del> <ins>way of life and imitate their faith.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 13:8]</b> Jesus Christ <ins>is</ins> the same <del>yesterday,</del> <ins>yesterday</ins> and <del>to day,</del> <ins>today</ins> and <del>for ever.</del> <ins>forever.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 13:9]</b> <del>Be</del> <ins>Do</ins> not <del>carried about with divers and strange doctrines. For it is a good thing that the heart</del> be <del>established with grace;</del> <ins>carried away by all kinds of strange teachings. It is good for our hearts to be strengthened by grace,</ins> not <del>with meats,</del> <ins>by ceremonial foods,</ins> which <del>have not profited them that have been occupied therein.</del> <ins>are of no value to those who eat them.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 13:10]</b> We have an <del>altar, whereof they</del> <ins>altar from which those who minister at the tabernacle</ins> have no right to <del>eat which serve the tabernacle.</del> <ins>eat.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 13:11]</b> <del>For the bodies of those beasts, whose blood is brought into the sanctuary by the</del> <ins>The</ins> high priest <del>for sin,</del> <ins>carries the blood of animals into the Most Holy Place as a sin offering, but the bodies</ins> are burned <del>without</del> <ins>outside</ins> the camp.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 13:12]</b> <del>Wherefore</del> <ins>And so</ins> Jesus <del>also, that he might sanctify</del> <ins>also suffered outside the city gate to make</ins> the people <del>with</del> <ins>holy through</ins> his own <del>blood, suffered without the gate.</del> <ins>blood.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 13:13]</b> Let <del>us</del> <ins>us, then,</ins> go <del>forth therefore unto</del> <ins>to</ins> him <del>without</del> <ins>outside</ins> the camp, bearing <del>his reproach.</del> <ins>the disgrace he bore.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 13:14]</b> For here <del>have</del> we <del>no continuing</del> <ins>do not have an enduring</ins> city, but we <del>seek one</del> <ins>are looking for the city that is</ins> to come.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 13:15]</b> <del>By him therefore</del> <ins>Through Jesus, therefore,</ins> let us <ins>continually</ins> offer <del>the sacrifice of praise</del> to God <del>continually, that is, the</del> <ins>a sacrifice of praise--the</ins> fruit of <del>our</del> lips <del>giving thanks to</del> <ins>that confess</ins> his name.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 13:16]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>And do not forget</ins> to do good and to <del>communicate forget not:</del> <ins>share with others,</ins> for with such sacrifices God is <del>well</del> pleased.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 13:17]</b> Obey <del>them that have the rule over you,</del> <ins>your leaders</ins> and submit <del>yourselves: for they</del> <ins>to their authority. They keep</ins> watch <del>for your souls,</del> <ins>over you</ins> as <del>they that</del> <ins>men who</ins> must give <del>account,</del> <ins>an account. Obey them so</ins> that <del>they may do it with</del> <ins>their work will be a</ins> joy, <del>and</del> not <del>with grief:</del> <ins>a burden,</ins> for that <del>is unprofitable for</del> <ins>would be of no advantage to</ins> you.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 13:18]</b> Pray for <del>us: for we trust</del> <ins>us. We are sure that</ins> we have a <del>good conscience, in all things willing</del> <ins>clear conscience and desire</ins> to live <del>honestly.</del> <ins>honorably in every way.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 13:19]</b> <del>But</del> I <del>beseech</del> <ins>particularly urge</ins> you <del>the rather</del> to <del>do this,</del> <ins>pray so</ins> that I may be restored to you <del>the sooner.</del> <ins>soon.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 13:20]</b> <del>Now</del> <ins>May</ins> the God of peace, <del>that</del> <ins>who through the blood of the eternal covenant</ins> brought <del>again</del> <ins>back</ins> from the dead our Lord Jesus, that great <del>shepherd</del> <ins>Shepherd</ins> of the sheep, <del>through the blood of the everlasting covenant,</del></p><p><b>[Hebrews 13:21]</b> <del>Make</del> <ins>equip</ins> you <del>perfect in every</del> <ins>with everything</ins> good <del>work to do</del> <ins>for doing</ins> his will, <del>working</del> <ins>and may he work</ins> in <del>you that which</del> <ins>us what</ins> is <del>wellpleasing in his sight,</del> <ins>pleasing to him,</ins> through Jesus <del>Christ;</del> <ins>Christ,</ins> to whom be glory for ever and ever. Amen.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 13:22]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Brothers,</ins> I <del>beseech you, brethren, suffer the</del> <ins>urge you to bear with my</ins> word of <del>exhortation:</del> <ins>exhortation,</ins> for I have written <del>a letter unto</del> you <del>in few words.</del> <ins>only a short letter.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 13:23]</b> <del>Know ye</del> <ins>I want you to know</ins> that our brother Timothy <del>is set at liberty; with whom, if</del> <ins>has been released. If</ins> he <del>come shortly,</del> <ins>arrives soon,</ins> I will <ins>come with him to</ins> see you.</p><p><b>[Hebrews 13:24]</b> <del>Salute</del> <ins>Greet</ins> all <del>them that have the rule over you,</del> <ins>your leaders</ins> and all <del>the saints. They of</del> <ins>God's people. Those from</ins> Italy <del>salute you.</del> <ins>send you their greetings.</ins></p><p><b>[Hebrews 13:25]</b> Grace be with you all. <del>Amen.</del></p>