<p><b>[Hosea 1:1]</b> The word of the LORD that came <del>unto Hosea, the</del> <ins>to Hosea</ins> son of <del>Beeri, in</del> <ins>Beeri during</ins> the <del>days</del> <ins>reigns</ins> of Uzziah, Jotham, <del>Ahaz,</del> <ins>Ahaz</ins> and Hezekiah, kings of Judah, and <del>in</del> <ins>during</ins> the <del>days</del> <ins>reign</ins> of Jeroboam <del>the</del> son of <del>Joash,</del> <ins>Jehoash</ins> king of <del>Israel.</del> <ins>Israel:</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 1:2]</b> <del>The beginning of the word of</del> <ins>When</ins> the LORD <del>by Hosea. And</del> <ins>began to speak through Hosea,</ins> the LORD said to <del>Hosea, Go,</del> <ins>him, "Go,</ins> take <del>unto thee a</del> <ins>to yourself an adulterous</ins> wife <del>of whoredoms</del> and children of <del>whoredoms: for</del> <ins>unfaithfulness, because</ins> the land <del>hath committed great whoredom,</del> <ins>is guilty of the vilest adultery in</ins> departing from the <del>LORD.</del> <ins>LORD."</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 1:3]</b> So he <del>went and took</del> <ins>married</ins> Gomer <del>the</del> daughter of <del>Diblaim; which conceived,</del> <ins>Diblaim,</ins> and <del>bare</del> <ins>she conceived and bore</ins> him a son.</p><p><b>[Hosea 1:4]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> the LORD said <del>unto him, Call his name Jezreel; for yet a little while, and</del> <ins>to Hosea, "Call him Jezreel, because</ins> I will <del>avenge the blood of Jezreel upon</del> <ins>soon punish</ins> the house of <del>Jehu,</del> <ins>Jehu for the massacre at Jezreel,</ins> and <ins>I</ins> will <del>cause</del> <ins>put an end</ins> to <del>cease</del> the kingdom of <del>the house of</del> Israel.</p><p><b>[Hosea 1:5]</b> <del>And it shall come to pass at</del> <ins>In</ins> that <del>day, that</del> <ins>day</ins> I will break <del>the</del> <ins>Israel's</ins> bow <del>of Israel,</del> in the <del>valley</del> <ins>Valley</ins> of <del>Jezreel.</del> <ins>Jezreel."</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 1:6]</b> <del>And she</del> <ins>Gomer</ins> conceived <del>again,</del> <ins>again</ins> and <del>bare</del> <ins>gave birth to</ins> a daughter. <del>And God</del> <ins>Then the LORD</ins> said <del>unto him, Call</del> <ins>to Hosea, "Call</ins> her <del>name Loruhamah:</del> <ins>Lo-Ruhamah,</ins> for I will no <del>more have mercy upon</del> <ins>longer show love to</ins> the house of <del>Israel; but</del> <ins>Israel, that</ins> I <del>will utterly take them away.</del> <ins>should at all forgive them.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 1:7]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>Yet</ins> I will <del>have mercy upon</del> <ins>show love to</ins> the house of <del>Judah,</del> <ins>Judah;</ins> and <ins>I</ins> will save <del>them</del> <ins>them-not by bow, sword or battle, or by horses and horsemen, but</ins> by the LORD their <del>God, and will not save them by bow, nor by sword, nor by battle, by horses, nor by horsemen.</del> <ins>God."</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 1:8]</b> <del>Now when</del> <ins>After</ins> she had weaned <del>Loruhamah, she conceived, and bare a</del> <ins>Lo-Ruhamah, Gomer had another</ins> son.</p><p><b>[Hosea 1:9]</b> Then <del>said God, Call his name Loammi:</del> <ins>the LORD said, "Call him Lo-Ammi,</ins> for <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> are not my people, and I <del>will</del> <ins>am</ins> not <del>be</del> your God.</p><p><b>[Hosea 1:10]</b> <del>Yet</del> <ins>"Yet</ins> the <del>number of the children of Israel shall</del> <ins>Israelites will</ins> be <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> the sand <del>of</del> <ins>on</ins> the <del>sea,</del> <ins>seashore,</ins> which cannot be measured <del>nor numbered; and it shall come to pass, that in</del> <ins>or counted. In</ins> the place where it was said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> them, <del>Ye</del> <ins>'You</ins> are not my <del>people, there it shall</del> <ins>people,' they will</ins> be <del>said unto them, Ye are the sons</del> <ins>called 'sons</ins> of the living <del>God.</del> <ins>God.'</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 1:11]</b> <del>Then shall the children</del> <ins>The people</ins> of Judah and the <del>children</del> <ins>people</ins> of Israel <ins>will</ins> be <del>gathered together, and appoint themselves one head,</del> <ins>reunited,</ins> and they <del>shall</del> <ins>will appoint one leader and will</ins> come up out of the <del>land:</del> <ins>land,</ins> for great <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be the day of Jezreel.</p><p><b>[Hosea 2:1]</b> <del>Say ye unto</del> <ins>"Say of</ins> your <del>brethren, Ammi;</del> <ins>brothers, 'My people,'</ins> and <del>to</del> <ins>of</ins> your sisters, <del>Ruhamah.</del> <ins>'My loved one.'</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 2:2]</b> <del>Plead with</del> <ins>"Rebuke</ins> your mother, <del>plead:</del> <ins>rebuke her,</ins> for she is not my wife, <del>neither am I her husband: let her therefore put away her whoredoms out of her sight,</del> and <ins>I am not</ins> her <del>adulteries</del> <ins>husband. Let her remove the adulterous look from her face and the unfaithfulness</ins> from between her <del>breasts;</del> <ins>breasts.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 2:3]</b> <del>Lest</del> <ins>Otherwise</ins> I <ins>will</ins> strip her <del>naked, and set her as in the day that she was born,</del> <ins>naked</ins> and make her as <del>a wilderness, and set</del> <ins>bare as on the day she was born; I will make</ins> her like a <del>dry</del> <ins>desert, turn her into a parched</ins> land, and slay her with thirst.</p><p><b>[Hosea 2:4]</b> <del>And</del> I will not <del>have mercy upon</del> <ins>show my love to</ins> her <del>children; for</del> <ins>children, because</ins> they <del>be</del> <ins>are</ins> the children of <del>whoredoms.</del> <ins>adultery.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 2:5]</b> <del>For their</del> <ins>Their</ins> mother <del>hath played the harlot: she that</del> <ins>has been unfaithful and has</ins> conceived them <del>hath done shamefully: for she</del> <ins>in disgrace. She</ins> said, <del>I</del> <ins>'I</ins> will go after my lovers, <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> give me my <del>bread</del> <ins>food</ins> and my water, my wool and my <del>flax, mine</del> <ins>linen, my</ins> oil and my <del>drink.</del> <ins>drink.'</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 2:6]</b> <del>Therefore, behold,</del> <ins>Therefore</ins> I will <del>hedge up thy way</del> <ins>block her path</ins> with <del>thorns, and make a wall,</del> <ins>thornbushes; I will wall her in so</ins> that she <del>shall not</del> <ins>cannot</ins> find her <del>paths.</del> <ins>way.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 2:7]</b> <del>And she shall follow</del> <ins>She will chase</ins> after her <del>lovers,</del> <ins>lovers</ins> but <del>she shall</del> not <del>overtake</del> <ins>catch</ins> them; <del>and</del> she <del>shall seek them,</del> <ins>will look for them</ins> but <del>shall</del> not find <del>them: then shall</del> <ins>them. Then</ins> she <ins>will</ins> say, <del>I</del> <ins>'I</ins> will go <del>and return</del> <ins>back</ins> to my <del>first husband;</del> <ins>husband as at first,</ins> for then <ins>I</ins> was <del>it</del> better <del>with me</del> <ins>off</ins> than <del>now.</del> <ins>now.'</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 2:8]</b> <del>For she did</del> <ins>She has</ins> not <del>know</del> <ins>acknowledged</ins> that I <ins>was the one who</ins> gave her <del>corn, and wine,</del> <ins>the grain, the new wine</ins> and oil, <del>and multiplied</del> <ins>who lavished on</ins> her <ins>the</ins> silver and <del>gold,</del> <ins>gold-</ins> which they <del>prepared</del> <ins>used</ins> for Baal.</p><p><b>[Hosea 2:9]</b> <del>Therefore will</del> <ins>"Therefore</ins> I <del>return, and</del> <ins>will</ins> take away my <del>corn in the time thereof,</del> <ins>grain when it ripens,</ins> and my <ins>new</ins> wine <del>in the season thereof, and</del> <ins>when it is ready. I</ins> will <del>recover</del> <ins>take back</ins> my wool and my <del>flax given</del> <ins>linen, intended</ins> to cover her nakedness.</p><p><b>[Hosea 2:10]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>So</ins> now <del>will</del> I <del>discover</del> <ins>will expose</ins> her lewdness <del>in</del> <ins>before</ins> the <del>sight</del> <ins>eyes</ins> of her <del>lovers, and none shall deliver</del> <ins>lovers; no one will take</ins> her out of <del>mine hand.</del> <ins>my hands.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 2:11]</b> I will <del>also cause</del> <ins>stop</ins> all her <del>mirth to cease,</del> <ins>celebrations:</ins> her <del>feast days,</del> <ins>yearly festivals,</ins> her <del>new moons, and</del> <ins>New Moons,</ins> her <del>sabbaths, and all</del> <ins>Sabbath days-all</ins> her <del>solemn</del> <ins>appointed</ins> feasts.</p><p><b>[Hosea 2:12]</b> <del>And</del> I will <del>destroy</del> <ins>ruin</ins> her vines and her fig trees, <del>whereof</del> <ins>which</ins> she <del>hath said, These are my rewards that my lovers have given me: and</del> <ins>said were her pay from her lovers;</ins> I will make them a <del>forest,</del> <ins>thicket,</ins> and <del>the beasts of the field shall eat</del> <ins>wild animals will devour</ins> them.</p><p><b>[Hosea 2:13]</b> <del>And</del> I will <del>visit upon</del> <ins>punish</ins> her <ins>for</ins> the days <del>of Baalim, wherein</del> she burned incense to <del>them, and</del> <ins>the Baals;</ins> she decked herself with <del>her earrings</del> <ins>rings</ins> and <del>her jewels,</del> <ins>jewelry,</ins> and <del>she</del> went after her lovers, <del>and forgat me, saith</del> <ins>but me she forgot," declares</ins> the LORD.</p><p><b>[Hosea 2:14]</b> <del>Therefore, behold,</del> <ins>"Therefore I am now going to allure her;</ins> I will <del>allure her, and bring</del> <ins>lead</ins> her into the <del>wilderness,</del> <ins>desert</ins> and speak <del>comfortably unto</del> <ins>tenderly to</ins> her.</p><p><b>[Hosea 2:15]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>There</ins> I will give her <ins>back</ins> her <del>vineyards from thence,</del> <ins>vineyards,</ins> and <ins>will make</ins> the <del>valley</del> <ins>Valley</ins> of Achor <del>for</del> a door of <del>hope: and</del> <ins>hope. There</ins> she <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> sing <del>there,</del> as in the days of her youth, <del>and</del> as in the day <del>when</del> she came up out of <del>the land of</del> Egypt.</p><p><b>[Hosea 2:16]</b> <del>And it shall be at</del> <ins>"In</ins> that <del>day, saith</del> <ins>day," declares</ins> the LORD, <del>that thou shalt</del> <ins>"you will</ins> call me <del>Ishi; and shalt</del> <ins>'my husband'; you will no longer</ins> call me <del>no more Baali.</del> <ins>'my master. '</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 2:17]</b> <del>For</del> I will <del>take away</del> <ins>remove</ins> the names of <del>Baalim out of</del> <ins>the Baals from</ins> her <del>mouth, and they shall</del> <ins>lips;</ins> no <del>more be remembered by</del> <ins>longer will</ins> their <del>name.</del> <ins>names be invoked.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 2:18]</b> <del>And in</del> <ins>In</ins> that day <del>will</del> I <ins>will</ins> make a covenant for them with the beasts of the field and <del>with</del> the <del>fowls of heaven, and with the creeping things</del> <ins>birds</ins> of the <del>ground: and I will break the bow</del> <ins>air</ins> and the <ins>creatures that move along the ground. Bow and</ins> sword and <del>the</del> battle <del>out of the earth, and</del> <ins>I</ins> will <del>make them to</del> <ins>abolish from the land, so that all may</ins> lie down <del>safely.</del> <ins>in safety.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 2:19]</b> <del>And</del> I will betroth <del>thee unto</del> <ins>you to</ins> me <del>for ever; yea,</del> <ins>forever;</ins> I will betroth <del>thee unto me</del> <ins>you</ins> in <del>righteousness,</del> <ins>righteousness</ins> and <ins>justice,</ins> in <del>judgment,</del> <ins>love</ins> and <del>in lovingkindness, and in mercies.</del> <ins>compassion.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 2:20]</b> I will <del>even</del> betroth <del>thee unto me</del> <ins>you</ins> in <del>faithfulness:</del> <ins>faithfulness,</ins> and <del>thou shalt know</del> <ins>you will acknowledge</ins> the LORD.</p><p><b>[Hosea 2:21]</b> <del>And it shall come to pass in</del> <ins>"In</ins> that <del>day,</del> <ins>day</ins> I will <del>hear, saith</del> <ins>respond," declares</ins> the <del>LORD, I</del> <ins>LORD - "I</ins> will <del>hear</del> <ins>respond to</ins> the <del>heavens,</del> <ins>skies,</ins> and they <del>shall hear</del> <ins>will respond to</ins> the earth;</p><p><b>[Hosea 2:22]</b> <del>And the earth shall hear the corn,</del> and the <del>wine, and</del> <ins>earth will respond to</ins> the <del>oil;</del> <ins>grain, the new wine and oil,</ins> and they <del>shall hear</del> <ins>will respond to</ins> Jezreel.</p><p><b>[Hosea 2:23]</b> <del>And</del> I will <del>sow</del> <ins>plant</ins> her <del>unto me</del> <ins>for myself</ins> in the <del>earth; and</del> <ins>land;</ins> I will <del>have mercy upon her that had not obtained mercy; and</del> <ins>show my love to the one</ins> I <ins>called 'Not my loved one. 'I</ins> will say to <del>them which were not</del> <ins>those called 'Not</ins> my people, <del>Thou art</del> <ins>You are</ins> my <del>people;</del> <ins>people';</ins> and they <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> say, <del>Thou art</del> <ins>'You are</ins> my <del>God.</del> <ins>God.'"</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 3:1]</b> <del>Then</del> <ins>The LORD</ins> said <ins>to me, "Go, show your love to your wife again, though she is loved by another and is an adulteress. Love her as</ins> the LORD <del>unto me, Go yet, love a woman beloved of her friend, yet an adulteress, according to</del> <ins>loves</ins> the <del>love of the LORD toward the children of Israel, who look</del> <ins>Israelites, though they turn</ins> to other <del>gods,</del> <ins>gods</ins> and love <del>flagons of wine.</del> <ins>the sacred raisin cakes."</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 3:2]</b> So I bought her <del>to me</del> for fifteen <del>pieces</del> <ins>shekels</ins> of <del>silver,</del> <ins>silver</ins> and <del>for an</del> <ins>about a</ins> homer <del>of barley,</del> and <del>an half homer</del> <ins>a lethek</ins> of <del>barley:</del> <ins>barley.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 3:3]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> I <del>said unto</del> <ins>told</ins> her, <del>Thou shalt abide for</del> <ins>"You are to live with</ins> me many days; <del>thou shalt not play the harlot, and thou shalt</del> <ins>you must</ins> not be <del>for another man: so will I also</del> <ins>a prostitute or</ins> be <del>for thee.</del> <ins>intimate with any man, and I will live with you."</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 3:4]</b> For the <del>children of Israel shall abide</del> <ins>Israelites will live</ins> many days without <del>a king, and without a</del> <ins>king or</ins> prince, <del>and</del> without <del>a sacrifice, and</del> <ins>sacrifice or sacred stones,</ins> without <del>an image, and without an ephod, and without teraphim:</del> <ins>ephod or idol.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 3:5]</b> Afterward <del>shall</del> the <del>children of Israel return,</del> <ins>Israelites will return</ins> and seek the LORD their <del>God,</del> <ins>God</ins> and David their <del>king; and shall fear</del> <ins>king. They will come trembling to</ins> the LORD and <ins>to</ins> his <del>goodness</del> <ins>blessings</ins> in the <del>latter</del> <ins>last</ins> days.</p><p><b>[Hosea 4:1]</b> Hear the word of the LORD, <del>ye children of Israel: for</del> <ins>you Israelites, because</ins> the LORD <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> a <del>controversy with</del> <ins>charge to bring against you who live in</ins> the <del>inhabitants of the land, because there</del> <ins>land: "There</ins> is no <del>truth, nor mercy, nor knowledge</del> <ins>faithfulness, no love, no acknowledgment</ins> of God in the land.</p><p><b>[Hosea 4:2]</b> <del>By swearing,</del> <ins>There is only cursing, lying</ins> and <del>lying,</del> <ins>murder, stealing</ins> and <del>killing, and stealing, and committing adultery,</del> <ins>adultery;</ins> they break <del>out,</del> <ins>all bounds,</ins> and <del>blood toucheth blood.</del> <ins>bloodshed follows bloodshed.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 4:3]</b> <del>Therefore shall</del> <ins>Because of this</ins> the land <del>mourn,</del> <ins>mourns,</ins> and <del>every one that dwelleth therein shall languish, with</del> <ins>all who live in it waste away;</ins> the beasts of the <del>field,</del> <ins>field</ins> and <del>with</del> the <del>fowls</del> <ins>birds</ins> of <del>heaven; yea,</del> the <del>fishes</del> <ins>air and the fish</ins> of the sea <del>also shall be taken away.</del> <ins>are dying.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 4:4]</b> <del>Yet</del> <ins>"But</ins> let no man <del>strive, nor reprove another:</del> <ins>bring a charge, let no man accuse another,</ins> for <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> people are <del>as they that strive with the</del> <ins>like those who bring charges against a</ins> priest.</p><p><b>[Hosea 4:5]</b> <del>Therefore shalt thou fall in the day,</del> <ins>You stumble day</ins> and <del>the prophet also shall fall with thee in the</del> night, and <ins>the prophets stumble with you. So</ins> I will destroy <del>thy mother.</del> <ins>your mother-</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 4:6]</b> <del>My</del> <ins>my</ins> people are destroyed <del>for</del> <ins>from</ins> lack of <del>knowledge: because thou hast</del> <ins>knowledge. "Because you have</ins> rejected knowledge, I <del>will</del> also reject <del>thee, that thou shalt be no priest to me: seeing thou hast forgotten</del> <ins>you as my priests; because you have ignored</ins> the law of <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> God, I <del>will</del> also <del>forget thy</del> <ins>will ignore your</ins> children.</p><p><b>[Hosea 4:7]</b> <del>As they were</del> <ins>The more the priests</ins> increased, <del>so</del> <ins>the more</ins> they sinned against <del>me: therefore will I change</del> <ins>me; they exchanged</ins> their <del>glory into shame.</del> <ins>Glory for something disgraceful.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 4:8]</b> They <del>eat up</del> <ins>feed on</ins> the <del>sin</del> <ins>sins</ins> of my <del>people,</del> <ins>people</ins> and <del>they set</del> <ins>relish</ins> their <del>heart on their iniquity.</del> <ins>wickedness.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 4:9]</b> And <del>there shall be, like</del> <ins>it will be: Like</ins> people, like <del>priest: and</del> <ins>priests.</ins> I will punish <ins>both of</ins> them for their <del>ways,</del> <ins>ways</ins> and <del>reward</del> <ins>repay</ins> them <ins>for</ins> their <del>doings.</del> <ins>deeds.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 4:10]</b> <del>For they shall eat, and</del> <ins>"They will eat but</ins> not have <del>enough:</del> <ins>enough;</ins> they <del>shall commit whoredom, and shall</del> <ins>will engage in prostitution but</ins> not <del>increase:</del> <ins>increase,</ins> because they have <del>left off to take heed to</del> <ins>deserted</ins> the <del>LORD.</del> <ins>LORD to give themselves</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 4:11]</b> <del>Whoredom and</del> <ins>to prostitution, to old</ins> wine and <del>new wine</del> <ins>new, which</ins> take away the <del>heart.</del> <ins>understanding</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 4:12]</b> <del>My people ask counsel at their stocks,</del> <ins>of my people. They consult a wooden idol</ins> and <del>their staff declareth unto them: for the</del> <ins>are answered by a stick of wood. A</ins> spirit of <del>whoredoms hath caused</del> <ins>prostitution leads</ins> them <del>to err, and</del> <ins>astray;</ins> they <del>have gone a whoring from under</del> <ins>are unfaithful to</ins> their God.</p><p><b>[Hosea 4:13]</b> They sacrifice <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> the <del>tops of the mountains,</del> <ins>mountaintops</ins> and burn <del>incense upon</del> <ins>offerings on</ins> the hills, under <del>oaks</del> <ins>oak, poplar</ins> and <del>poplars and elms, because</del> <ins>terebinth, where</ins> the <del>shadow thereof</del> <ins>shade</ins> is <del>good: therefore</del> <ins>pleasant. Therefore</ins> your daughters <del>shall commit whoredom,</del> <ins>turn to prostitution</ins> and your <del>spouses shall commit</del> <ins>daughters-in-law to</ins> adultery.</p><p><b>[Hosea 4:14]</b> <del>I</del> <ins>"I</ins> will not punish your daughters when they <del>commit whoredom,</del> <ins>turn to prostitution,</ins> nor your <del>spouses</del> <ins>daughters-in-law</ins> when they commit <del>adultery: for</del> <ins>adultery, because the men</ins> themselves <del>are separated</del> <ins>consort</ins> with <del>whores,</del> <ins>harlots</ins> and <del>they</del> sacrifice with <del>harlots: therefore the</del> <ins>shrine prostitutes- a</ins> people <del>that doth not understand shall fall.</del> <ins>without understanding will come to ruin!</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 4:15]</b> <del>Though thou,</del> <ins>"Though you commit adultery, O</ins> Israel, <del>play the harlot, yet</del> let not Judah <del>offend; and come</del> <ins>become guilty. "Do</ins> not <del>ye unto Gilgal, neither</del> go <del>ye</del> <ins>to Gilgal; do not go</ins> up to <del>Bethaven, nor</del> <ins>Beth Aven. And do not</ins> swear, <del>The</del> <ins>'As surely as the</ins> LORD <del>liveth.</del> <ins>lives!'</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 4:16]</b> <del>For Israel slideth back as</del> <ins>The Israelites are stubborn, like</ins> a <del>backsliding heifer: now</del> <ins>stubborn heifer. How then can</ins> the LORD <del>will feed</del> <ins>pasture</ins> them <del>as a lamb</del> <ins>like lambs</ins> in a <del>large place.</del> <ins>meadow?</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 4:17]</b> Ephraim is joined to <del>idols: let</del> <ins>idols; leave</ins> him <del>alone.</del> <ins>alone!</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 4:18]</b> <del>Their drink is sour:</del> <ins>Even when their drinks are gone,</ins> they <del>have committed whoredom continually: her</del> <ins>continue their prostitution; their</ins> rulers <del>with shame do love, Give ye.</del> <ins>dearly love shameful ways.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 4:19]</b> <del>The wind hath bound her up in her wings,</del> <ins>A whirlwind will sweep them away,</ins> and <del>they shall be ashamed because of</del> their <del>sacrifices.</del> <ins>sacrifices will bring them shame.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 5:1]</b> <del>Hear ye</del> <ins>"Hear</ins> this, <ins>you priests! Pay attention, you Israelites! Listen,</ins> O <del>priests; and hearken, ye house of Israel; and give ye ear, O house of the king; for</del> <ins>royal house! This</ins> judgment is <del>toward you, because ye</del> <ins>against you: You</ins> have been a snare <del>on</del> <ins>at</ins> Mizpah, <del>and</del> a net spread <del>upon</del> <ins>out on</ins> Tabor.</p><p><b>[Hosea 5:2]</b> <del>And the revolters</del> <ins>The rebels</ins> are <del>profound to make slaughter, though</del> <ins>deep in slaughter.</ins> I <del>have been a rebuker</del> <ins>will discipline all</ins> of <del>them all.</del> <ins>them.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 5:3]</b> I know <del>Ephraim, and</del> <ins>all about Ephraim;</ins> Israel is not <del>hid</del> <ins>hidden</ins> from <del>me: for now, O</del> <ins>me.</ins> Ephraim, <del>thou committest whoredom, and</del> <ins>you have now turned to prostitution;</ins> Israel is <del>defiled.</del> <ins>corrupt.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 5:4]</b> <del>They will</del> <ins>"Their deeds do</ins> not <del>frame their doings</del> <ins>permit them</ins> to <del>turn unto</del> <ins>return to</ins> their <del>God: for the</del> <ins>God. A</ins> spirit of <del>whoredoms</del> <ins>prostitution</ins> is in <del>the midst of them, and</del> <ins>their heart;</ins> they <del>have</del> <ins>do</ins> not <del>known</del> <ins>acknowledge</ins> the LORD.</p><p><b>[Hosea 5:5]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Israel's arrogance testifies against them;</ins> the <del>pride of Israel doth testify to his face: therefore shall Israel and Ephraim fall</del> <ins>Israelites, even Ephraim, stumble</ins> in their <del>iniquity:</del> <ins>sin;</ins> Judah also <del>shall fall</del> <ins>stumbles</ins> with them.</p><p><b>[Hosea 5:6]</b> <del>They shall</del> <ins>When they</ins> go with their flocks and <del>with their</del> herds to seek the <del>LORD; but</del> <ins>LORD,</ins> they <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> not find him; he <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> withdrawn himself from them.</p><p><b>[Hosea 5:7]</b> They <del>have dealt treacherously against</del> <ins>are unfaithful to</ins> the <del>LORD: for</del> <ins>LORD;</ins> they <del>have begotten strange children: now shall a month</del> <ins>give birth to illegitimate children. Now their New Moon festivals will</ins> devour them <del>with</del> <ins>and</ins> their <del>portions.</del> <ins>fields.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 5:8]</b> <del>Blow ye the cornet in Gibeah, and</del> <ins>"Sound</ins> the trumpet in <del>Ramah:</del> <ins>Gibeah, the horn in Ramah. Raise the battle</ins> cry <del>aloud at Bethaven, after thee,</del> <ins>in Beth Aven; lead on,</ins> O Benjamin.</p><p><b>[Hosea 5:9]</b> Ephraim <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be <del>desolate in</del> <ins>laid waste on</ins> the day of <del>rebuke: among</del> <ins>reckoning. Among</ins> the tribes of Israel <del>have</del> I <del>made known that which shall surely be.</del> <ins>proclaim what is certain.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 5:10]</b> <del>The princes of Judah were</del> <ins>Judah's leaders are</ins> like <del>them that remove the bound: therefore</del> <ins>those who move boundary stones.</ins> I will pour out my wrath <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> them like <ins>a flood of</ins> water.</p><p><b>[Hosea 5:11]</b> Ephraim is <del>oppressed and broken</del> <ins>oppressed, trampled</ins> in judgment, <del>because he willingly walked after the commandment.</del> <ins>intent on pursuing idols.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 5:12]</b> <del>Therefore will</del> I <del>be unto Ephraim as</del> <ins>am like</ins> a <del>moth, and</del> <ins>moth to Ephraim, like rot</ins> to the <del>house</del> <ins>people</ins> of <del>Judah as rottenness.</del> <ins>Judah.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 5:13]</b> <del>When</del> <ins>"When</ins> Ephraim saw his sickness, and Judah <del>saw</del> his <del>wound,</del> <ins>sores,</ins> then <del>went</del> Ephraim <ins>turned</ins> to <del>the Assyrian,</del> <ins>Assyria,</ins> and sent to <ins>the great</ins> king <del>Jareb: yet could</del> <ins>for help. But</ins> he <ins>is</ins> not <del>heal you, nor</del> <ins>able to</ins> cure <del>you of</del> <ins>you, not able to heal</ins> your <del>wound.</del> <ins>sores.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 5:14]</b> For I will be <del>unto Ephraim as</del> <ins>like</ins> a <del>lion, and as a young</del> lion to <del>the house of Judah: I, even I,</del> <ins>Ephraim, like a great lion to Judah. I</ins> will tear <ins>them to pieces</ins> and go away; I will <del>take away, and none shall</del> <ins>carry them off, with no one to</ins> rescue <del>him.</del> <ins>them.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 5:15]</b> <ins>Then</ins> I will go <del>and return</del> <ins>back</ins> to my <del>place, till</del> <ins>place until</ins> they <del>acknowledge</del> <ins>admit</ins> their <del>offence, and seek my face: in their affliction</del> <ins>guilt. And</ins> they will seek <del>me early.</del> <ins>my face; in their misery they will earnestly seek me."</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 6:1]</b> <del>Come, and</del> <ins>"Come,</ins> let us return <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>LORD: for he hath torn, and</del> <ins>LORD. He has torn us to pieces but</ins> he will heal us; he <del>hath smitten, and</del> <ins>has injured us but</ins> he will bind <del>us up.</del> <ins>up our wounds.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 6:2]</b> After two days <del>will</del> he <ins>will</ins> revive <del>us: in</del> <ins>us; on</ins> the third day he will <del>raise us up, and</del> <ins>restore us, that</ins> we <del>shall</del> <ins>may</ins> live in his <del>sight.</del> <ins>presence.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 6:3]</b> <del>Then shall we know, if we follow</del> <ins>Let us acknowledge the LORD; let us press</ins> on to <del>know the LORD: his going forth is prepared</del> <ins>acknowledge him. As surely</ins> as the <del>morning; and</del> <ins>sun rises,</ins> he <del>shall</del> <ins>will appear; he will</ins> come <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> us <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> the <del>rain, as</del> <ins>winter rains, like</ins> the <del>latter and former rain unto</del> <ins>spring rains that water</ins> the <del>earth.</del> <ins>earth."</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 6:4]</b> <del>O Ephraim, what shall</del> <ins>"What can</ins> I do <del>unto thee? O Judah, what shall</del> <ins>with you, Ephraim? What can</ins> I do <del>unto thee? for your goodness</del> <ins>with you, Judah? Your love</ins> is <del>as a</del> <ins>like the</ins> morning <del>cloud, and as</del> <ins>mist, like</ins> the early dew <del>it goeth away.</del> <ins>that disappears.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 6:5]</b> Therefore <del>have</del> I <del>hewed them by the prophets;</del> <ins>cut you in pieces with my prophets,</ins> I <del>have slain them by</del> <ins>killed you with</ins> the words of my <del>mouth: and thy</del> <ins>mouth; my</ins> judgments <del>are as the light that goeth forth.</del> <ins>flashed like lightning upon you.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 6:6]</b> For I <del>desired</del> <ins>desire</ins> mercy, <del>and</del> not <del>sacrifice;</del> <ins>sacrifice,</ins> and <del>the knowledge</del> <ins>acknowledgment</ins> of God <del>more</del> <ins>rather</ins> than burnt offerings.</p><p><b>[Hosea 6:7]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>Like Adam,</ins> they <del>like men</del> have <del>transgressed</del> <ins>broken</ins> the <del>covenant: there have</del> <ins>covenant-</ins> they <del>dealt treacherously against me.</del> <ins>were unfaithful to me there.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 6:8]</b> Gilead is a city of <del>them that work iniquity, and is polluted</del> <ins>wicked men, stained</ins> with <ins>footprints of</ins> blood.</p><p><b>[Hosea 6:9]</b> <del>And as troops of robbers wait</del> <ins>As marauders lie in ambush</ins> for a man, so <del>the company</del> <ins>do bands</ins> of <del>priests murder in the way by consent: for</del> <ins>priests;</ins> they <del>commit lewdness.</del> <ins>murder on the road to Shechem, committing shameful crimes.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 6:10]</b> I have seen <del>an</del> <ins>a</ins> horrible thing in the house of <del>Israel: there</del> <ins>Israel. There Ephraim</ins> is <del>the whoredom of Ephraim,</del> <ins>given to prostitution and</ins> Israel is defiled.</p><p><b>[Hosea 6:11]</b> <del>Also, O Judah, he hath set an harvest</del> <ins>"Also</ins> for <del>thee, when</del> <ins>you, Judah, a harvest is appointed. "Whenever</ins> I <del>returned</del> <ins>would restore</ins> the <del>captivity</del> <ins>fortunes</ins> of my <del>people.</del> <ins>people,</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 7:1]</b> <del>When</del> <ins>whenever</ins> I would <del>have healed</del> <ins>heal</ins> Israel, <del>then</del> the <del>iniquity</del> <ins>sins</ins> of Ephraim <del>was discovered,</del> <ins>are exposed</ins> and the <del>wickedness</del> <ins>crimes</ins> of <del>Samaria: for they commit falsehood; and</del> <ins>Samaria revealed. They practice deceit, thieves break into houses, bandits rob in</ins> the <del>thief cometh in, and the troop of robbers spoileth without.</del> <ins>streets;</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 7:2]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>but</ins> they <del>consider</del> <ins>do</ins> not <del>in their hearts</del> <ins>realize</ins> that I remember all their <del>wickedness: now their own doings have beset them about;</del> <ins>evil deeds. Their sins engulf them;</ins> they are <ins>always</ins> before <del>my face.</del> <ins>me.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 7:3]</b> <del>They make</del> <ins>"They delight</ins> the king <del>glad</del> with their wickedness, <del>and</del> the princes with their lies.</p><p><b>[Hosea 7:4]</b> They are all adulterers, <del>as</del> <ins>burning like</ins> an oven <del>heated by</del> <ins>whose fire</ins> the <del>baker, who ceaseth</del> <ins>baker need not stir</ins> from <del>raising after he hath kneaded</del> the <del>dough, until</del> <ins>kneading of the dough till</ins> it <del>be leavened.</del> <ins>rises.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 7:5]</b> <del>In</del> <ins>On</ins> the day <ins>of the festival</ins> of our king the princes <del>have made him sick</del> <ins>become inflamed</ins> with <del>bottles of wine;</del> <ins>wine, and</ins> he <del>stretched out his hand</del> <ins>joins hands</ins> with <del>scorners.</del> <ins>the mockers.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 7:6]</b> <del>For they have made ready their heart</del> <ins>Their hearts are</ins> like an <del>oven, whiles</del> <ins>oven;</ins> they <del>lie in wait: their baker sleepeth</del> <ins>approach him with intrigue. Their passion smolders</ins> all <del>the</del> night; in the morning it <del>burneth as</del> <ins>blazes like</ins> a flaming fire.</p><p><b>[Hosea 7:7]</b> <del>They</del> <ins>All of them</ins> are <del>all</del> hot as an <del>oven, and have devoured</del> <ins>oven; they devour</ins> their <del>judges; all</del> <ins>rulers. All</ins> their kings <del>are fallen: there is</del> <ins>fall, and</ins> none <del>among</del> <ins>of</ins> them <del>that calleth unto</del> <ins>calls on</ins> me.</p><p><b>[Hosea 7:8]</b> <del>Ephraim, he hath mixed himself among</del> <ins>"Ephraim mixes with</ins> the <del>people;</del> <ins>nations;</ins> Ephraim is a <ins>flat</ins> cake not <del>turned.</del> <ins>turned over.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 7:9]</b> <del>Strangers have devoured</del> <ins>Foreigners sap</ins> his strength, <del>and</del> <ins>but</ins> he <del>knoweth it not: yea, gray hairs are here and there upon him, yet</del> <ins>does not realize it. His hair is sprinkled with gray, but</ins> he <del>knoweth not.</del> <ins>does not notice.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 7:10]</b> <del>And the pride of Israel testifieth to his face: and they do</del> <ins>Israel's arrogance testifies against him, but despite all this he does</ins> not return to the LORD <del>their God, nor seek him</del> <ins>his God or search</ins> for <del>all this.</del> <ins>him.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 7:11]</b> <del>Ephraim also</del> <ins>"Ephraim</ins> is like a <del>silly dove without heart: they call</del> <ins>dove, easily deceived and senseless- now calling</ins> to Egypt, <del>they go</del> <ins>now turning</ins> to Assyria.</p><p><b>[Hosea 7:12]</b> When they <del>shall</del> go, I will <del>spread</del> <ins>throw</ins> my net <del>upon</del> <ins>over</ins> them; I will <del>bring</del> <ins>pull</ins> them down <del>as the fowls</del> <ins>like birds</ins> of the <del>heaven;</del> <ins>air. When I hear them flocking together,</ins> I will <del>chastise them, as their congregation hath heard.</del> <ins>catch them.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 7:13]</b> Woe <del>unto them! for they have fled from me: destruction unto them!</del> <ins>to them,</ins> because they have <del>transgressed against me: though I have redeemed</del> <ins>strayed from me! Destruction to</ins> them, <del>yet</del> <ins>because</ins> they have <del>spoken</del> <ins>rebelled against me! I long to redeem them but they speak</ins> lies against me.</p><p><b>[Hosea 7:14]</b> <del>And they have</del> <ins>They do</ins> not <del>cried unto</del> <ins>cry out to</ins> me <del>with</del> <ins>from</ins> their <del>heart, when they howled</del> <ins>hearts but wail</ins> upon their <del>beds: they assemble themselves</del> <ins>beds. They gather together</ins> for <del>corn</del> <ins>grain</ins> and <del>wine, and they rebel against</del> <ins>new wine but turn away from</ins> me.</p><p><b>[Hosea 7:15]</b> <del>Though</del> I <del>have bound</del> <ins>trained them</ins> and strengthened <del>their arms, yet do</del> <ins>them, but</ins> they <del>imagine mischief</del> <ins>plot evil</ins> against me.</p><p><b>[Hosea 7:16]</b> They <del>return, but</del> <ins>do</ins> not <ins>turn</ins> to the <del>most High:</del> <ins>Most High;</ins> they are like a <del>deceitful bow: their princes shall</del> <ins>faulty bow. Their leaders will</ins> fall by the sword <del>for the rage</del> <ins>because</ins> of their <del>tongue:</del> <ins>insolent words. For</ins> this <del>shall</del> <ins>they will</ins> be <del>their derision</del> <ins>ridiculed</ins> in the land of Egypt.</p><p><b>[Hosea 8:1]</b> <del>Set</del> <ins>"Put</ins> the trumpet to <del>thy mouth. He shall come as an</del> <ins>your lips! An</ins> eagle <del>against</del> <ins>is over</ins> the house of the <del>LORD,</del> <ins>LORD</ins> because <del>they</del> <ins>the people</ins> have <del>transgressed</del> <ins>broken</ins> my <del>covenant,</del> <ins>covenant</ins> and <del>trespassed</del> <ins>rebelled</ins> against my law.</p><p><b>[Hosea 8:2]</b> Israel <del>shall cry unto</del> <ins>cries out to</ins> me, <del>My</del> <ins>'O our</ins> God, we <del>know thee.</del> <ins>acknowledge you!'</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 8:3]</b> <ins>But</ins> Israel <del>hath cast off the thing that</del> <ins>has rejected what</ins> is <del>good: the</del> <ins>good; an</ins> enemy <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> pursue him.</p><p><b>[Hosea 8:4]</b> They <del>have</del> set up <del>kings, but not by me:</del> <ins>kings without my consent;</ins> they <del>have made princes, and I knew it not: of</del> <ins>choose princes without my approval. With</ins> their silver and <del>their</del> gold <del>have</del> they <del>made them idols, that they may be cut off.</del> <ins>make idols for themselves to their own destruction.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 8:5]</b> <del>Thy calf,</del> <ins>Throw out your calf-idol,</ins> O <del>Samaria, hath cast thee off; mine</del> <ins>Samaria! My</ins> anger <del>is kindled</del> <ins>burns</ins> against <del>them: how</del> <ins>them. How</ins> long will <del>it be ere</del> they <del>attain to innocency?</del> <ins>be incapable of purity?</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 8:6]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>They are</ins> from <del>Israel was it also: the workman</del> <ins>Israel! This calf-a craftsman has</ins> made it; <del>therefore</del> it is not <del>God: but the calf of Samaria shall</del> <ins>God. It will</ins> be broken in <del>pieces.</del> <ins>pieces, that calf of Samaria.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 8:7]</b> <del>For they have sown</del> <ins>"They sow</ins> the <del>wind,</del> <ins>wind</ins> and <del>they shall</del> reap the <del>whirlwind: it hath</del> <ins>whirlwind. The stalk has</ins> no <del>stalk; the bud shall yield no meal: if so be</del> <ins>head;</ins> it <del>yield, the strangers shall</del> <ins>will produce no flour. Were it to yield grain, foreigners would</ins> swallow it up.</p><p><b>[Hosea 8:8]</b> Israel is swallowed <del>up:</del> <ins>up;</ins> now <del>shall they be</del> <ins>she is</ins> among the <del>Gentiles as</del> <ins>nations like</ins> a <del>vessel wherein is no pleasure.</del> <ins>worthless thing.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 8:9]</b> For they <del>are</del> <ins>have</ins> gone up to <del>Assyria,</del> <ins>Assyria like</ins> a wild <del>ass alone by himself:</del> <ins>donkey wandering alone.</ins> Ephraim <del>hath hired</del> <ins>has sold herself to</ins> lovers.</p><p><b>[Hosea 8:10]</b> <del>Yea, though</del> <ins>Although</ins> they have <del>hired</del> <ins>sold themselves</ins> among the nations, <del>now will</del> I <ins>will now</ins> gather <del>them, and they shall sorrow a little for</del> <ins>them together. They will begin to waste away under</ins> the <del>burden</del> <ins>oppression</ins> of the <del>king of princes.</del> <ins>mighty king.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 8:11]</b> <del>Because</del> <ins>"Though</ins> Ephraim <del>hath made</del> <ins>built</ins> many altars <del>to sin,</del> <ins>for sin offerings, these have become</ins> altars <del>shall be unto him to sin.</del> <ins>for sinning.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 8:12]</b> I <del>have written to him</del> <ins>wrote for them</ins> the <del>great</del> <ins>many</ins> things of my law, but they <del>were counted</del> <ins>regarded them</ins> as <del>a strange thing.</del> <ins>something alien.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 8:13]</b> They <del>sacrifice flesh for the</del> <ins>offer</ins> sacrifices <del>of mine offerings,</del> <ins>given to me</ins> and <ins>they</ins> eat <del>it;</del> <ins>the meat,</ins> but the LORD <del>accepteth them not; now will</del> <ins>is not pleased with them. Now</ins> he <ins>will</ins> remember their <del>iniquity,</del> <ins>wickedness</ins> and <del>visit</del> <ins>punish</ins> their sins: <del>they shall</del> <ins>They will</ins> return to Egypt.</p><p><b>[Hosea 8:14]</b> <del>For</del> Israel <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> forgotten his <del>Maker,</del> <ins>Maker</ins> and <del>buildeth temples; and</del> <ins>built palaces;</ins> Judah <del>hath multiplied fenced cities: but</del> <ins>has fortified many towns. But</ins> I will send <del>a</del> fire upon <del>his cities, and it shall devour the palaces thereof.</del> <ins>their cities that will consume their fortresses."</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 9:1]</b> <del>Rejoice not,</del> <ins>Do not rejoice,</ins> O <del>Israel, for joy, as</del> <ins>Israel; do not be jubilant like the</ins> other <del>people: for thou hast gone</del> <ins>nations. For you have been unfaithful to your God; you love the wages of</ins> a <del>whoring from thy God, thou hast loved a reward upon</del> <ins>prostitute at</ins> every <del>cornfloor.</del> <ins>threshing floor.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 9:2]</b> <del>The floor</del> <ins>Threshing floors</ins> and <del>the winepress shall</del> <ins>winepresses will</ins> not feed <del>them, and</del> <ins>the people;</ins> the new wine <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> fail <del>in her.</del> <ins>them.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 9:3]</b> They <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> not <del>dwell</del> <ins>remain</ins> in the LORD's land; <del>but</del> Ephraim <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> return to <del>Egypt,</del> <ins>Egypt</ins> and <del>they shall</del> eat unclean <del>things</del> <ins>food</ins> in Assyria.</p><p><b>[Hosea 9:4]</b> They <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> not <del>offer</del> <ins>pour out</ins> wine offerings to the LORD, <del>neither shall they be pleasing unto him:</del> <ins>nor will</ins> their sacrifices <del>shall</del> <ins>please him. Such sacrifices will</ins> be <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> them <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> the bread of mourners; all <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> eat <del>thereof shall</del> <ins>them will</ins> be <del>polluted:</del> <ins>unclean. This food will be</ins> for <del>their bread for their soul shall</del> <ins>themselves; it will</ins> not come into the <del>house</del> <ins>temple</ins> of the LORD.</p><p><b>[Hosea 9:5]</b> What will <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> do <del>in the solemn day, and in</del> <ins>on</ins> the day of <ins>your appointed feasts, on</ins> the <del>feast</del> <ins>festival days</ins> of the LORD?</p><p><b>[Hosea 9:6]</b> <del>For, lo,</del> <ins>Even if</ins> they <del>are gone because of destruction:</del> <ins>escape from destruction,</ins> Egypt <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> gather <del>them up,</del> <ins>them, and</ins> Memphis <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> bury <del>them: the pleasant places for their silver, nettles shall possess them: thorns shall</del> <ins>them. Their treasures of silver will</ins> be <del>in</del> <ins>taken over by briers, and thorns will overrun</ins> their <del>tabernacles.</del> <ins>tents.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 9:7]</b> The days of <del>visitation</del> <ins>punishment</ins> are <del>come,</del> <ins>coming,</ins> the days of <del>recompence</del> <ins>reckoning</ins> are <del>come;</del> <ins>at hand. Let</ins> Israel <del>shall</del> know <del>it:</del> <ins>this. Because your sins are so many and your hostility so great,</ins> the prophet is <ins>considered</ins> a fool, the <del>spiritual</del> <ins>inspired</ins> man <del>is mad, for the multitude of thine iniquity, and the great hatred.</del> <ins>a maniac.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 9:8]</b> The <del>watchman of Ephraim was</del> <ins>prophet, along</ins> with my <del>God: but the prophet</del> <ins>God,</ins> is <del>a snare of a fowler in</del> <ins>the watchman over Ephraim, yet snares await him on</ins> all his <del>ways,</del> <ins>paths,</ins> and <del>hatred</del> <ins>hostility</ins> in the house of his God.</p><p><b>[Hosea 9:9]</b> They have <del>deeply corrupted themselves,</del> <ins>sunk deep into corruption,</ins> as in the days of <del>Gibeah: therefore he</del> <ins>Gibeah. God</ins> will remember their <del>iniquity, he will visit</del> <ins>wickedness and punish them for</ins> their sins.</p><p><b>[Hosea 9:10]</b> <ins>"When</ins> I found <del>Israel</del> <ins>Israel, it was</ins> like <ins>finding</ins> grapes in the <del>wilderness;</del> <ins>desert; when</ins> I saw your <del>fathers as</del> <ins>fathers, it was like seeing</ins> the <del>firstripe in</del> <ins>early fruit on</ins> the fig <del>tree at her first time: but</del> <ins>tree. But when</ins> they <del>went</del> <ins>came</ins> to <del>Baalpeor, and separated</del> <ins>Baal Peor, they consecrated</ins> themselves <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> that <del>shame;</del> <ins>shameful idol</ins> and <del>their abominations were according</del> <ins>became</ins> as <ins>vile as the thing</ins> they loved.</p><p><b>[Hosea 9:11]</b> <del>As for Ephraim, their</del> <ins>Ephraim's</ins> glory <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> fly away like a <del>bird, from the</del> <ins>bird- no</ins> birth, <del>and from the womb, and from the</del> <ins>no pregnancy, no</ins> conception.</p><p><b>[Hosea 9:12]</b> <del>Though</del> <ins>Even if</ins> they <del>bring up their</del> <ins>rear</ins> children, <del>yet will</del> I <ins>will</ins> bereave <del>them, that there shall not be a man left: yea, woe also</del> <ins>them of every one. Woe</ins> to them when I <del>depart</del> <ins>turn away</ins> from them!</p><p><b>[Hosea 9:13]</b> <del>Ephraim, as</del> I <del>saw Tyrus, is</del> <ins>have seen Ephraim, like Tyre,</ins> planted in a pleasant <del>place: but</del> <ins>place. But</ins> Ephraim <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> bring <del>forth his</del> <ins>out their</ins> children to the <del>murderer.</del> <ins>slayer."</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 9:14]</b> Give them, O <del>LORD:</del> <ins>LORD -</ins> what <del>wilt thou give?</del> <ins>will you</ins> give <ins>them? Give</ins> them <del>a miscarrying womb</del> <ins>wombs that miscarry</ins> and <del>dry breasts.</del> <ins>breasts that are dry.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 9:15]</b> <del>All</del> <ins>"Because of all</ins> their wickedness <del>is</del> in <del>Gilgal: for there</del> <ins>Gilgal,</ins> I hated <del>them: for the wickedness</del> <ins>them there. Because</ins> of their <del>doings</del> <ins>sinful deeds,</ins> I will drive them out of <del>mine house,</del> <ins>my house.</ins> I will <del>love them</del> no <del>more:</del> <ins>longer love them;</ins> all their <del>princes</del> <ins>leaders</ins> are <del>revolters.</del> <ins>rebellious.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 9:16]</b> Ephraim is <del>smitten,</del> <ins>blighted,</ins> their root is <del>dried up,</del> <ins>withered,</ins> they <del>shall bear</del> <ins>yield</ins> no <del>fruit: yea, though</del> <ins>fruit. Even if</ins> they <del>bring forth, yet will</del> <ins>bear children,</ins> I <ins>will</ins> slay <del>even the beloved fruit of</del> their <del>womb.</del> <ins>cherished offspring."</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 9:17]</b> My God will <del>cast</del> <ins>reject</ins> them <del>away,</del> because they <del>did</del> <ins>have</ins> not <del>hearken unto him: and</del> <ins>obeyed him;</ins> they <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be wanderers among the nations.</p><p><b>[Hosea 10:1]</b> Israel <del>is an empty vine,</del> <ins>was a spreading vine;</ins> he <del>bringeth</del> <ins>brought</ins> forth fruit <del>unto himself: according to the multitude of</del> <ins>for himself. As</ins> his fruit <ins>increased,</ins> he <del>hath increased the</del> <ins>built more</ins> altars; <del>according to the goodness of</del> <ins>as</ins> his land <del>they have made goodly images.</del> <ins>prospered, he adorned his sacred stones.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 10:2]</b> Their heart is <del>divided;</del> <ins>deceitful, and</ins> now <del>shall</del> they <del>be found faulty: he shall break down</del> <ins>must bear</ins> their <del>altars, he shall spoil</del> <ins>guilt. The LORD will demolish</ins> their <del>images.</del> <ins>altars and destroy their sacred stones.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 10:3]</b> <del>For now</del> <ins>Then</ins> they <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> say, <del>We</del> <ins>"We</ins> have no <del>king,</del> <ins>king</ins> because we <del>feared</del> <ins>did</ins> not <ins>revere</ins> the <del>LORD; what then should</del> <ins>LORD. But even if we had</ins> a <del>king</del> <ins>king, what could he</ins> do <del>to us?</del> <ins>for us?"</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 10:4]</b> They <del>have spoken words, swearing falsely in making a covenant: thus judgment springeth</del> <ins>make many promises, take false oaths and make agreements; therefore lawsuits spring</ins> up <del>as hemlock</del> <ins>like poisonous weeds</ins> in <del>the furrows of the</del> <ins>a plowed</ins> field.</p><p><b>[Hosea 10:5]</b> The <del>inhabitants of</del> <ins>people who live in</ins> Samaria <del>shall</del> fear <del>because of the calves of Bethaven:</del> for the <ins>calf-idol of Beth Aven. Its</ins> people <del>thereof shall</del> <ins>will</ins> mourn over it, and <del>the priests thereof that</del> <ins>so will its idolatrous priests, those who had</ins> rejoiced <del>on it, for the glory thereof,</del> <ins>over its splendor,</ins> because it is <del>departed</del> <ins>taken</ins> from <del>it.</del> <ins>them into exile.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 10:6]</b> It <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be <del>also</del> carried <del>unto Assyria for a present</del> to <del>king Jareb:</del> <ins>Assyria as tribute for the great king.</ins> Ephraim <del>shall receive shame, and</del> <ins>will be disgraced;</ins> Israel <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be ashamed of <del>his own counsel.</del> <ins>its wooden idols.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 10:7]</b> <del>As for Samaria, her</del> <ins>Samaria and its</ins> king <del>is cut off as</del> <ins>will float away like a twig on</ins> the <del>foam upon</del> <ins>surface of</ins> the <del>water.</del> <ins>waters.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 10:8]</b> The high places <del>also</del> of <del>Aven,</del> <ins>wickedness will be destroyed- it is</ins> the sin of <del>Israel, shall be destroyed: the thorn</del> <ins>Israel. Thorns</ins> and <del>the thistle shall come</del> <ins>thistles will grow</ins> up <del>on their altars;</del> and <ins>cover their altars. Then</ins> they <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> say to the mountains, <del>Cover us;</del> <ins>"Cover us!"</ins> and to the hills, <del>Fall</del> <ins>"Fall</ins> on <del>us.</del> <ins>us!"</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 10:9]</b> <del>O Israel, thou hast sinned from</del> <ins>"Since</ins> the days of <del>Gibeah:</del> <ins>Gibeah, you have sinned, O Israel, and</ins> there <del>they stood: the battle in Gibeah against the children of iniquity did</del> <ins>you have remained. Did</ins> not <ins>war</ins> overtake <del>them.</del> <ins>the evildoers in Gibeah?</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 10:10]</b> <del>It is in my desire that</del> <ins>When</ins> I <del>should chastise</del> <ins>please, I will punish</ins> them; <del>and the people shall</del> <ins>nations will</ins> be gathered against <del>them, when they shall bind themselves</del> <ins>them to put them</ins> in <ins>bonds for</ins> their <del>two furrows.</del> <ins>double sin.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 10:11]</b> <del>And</del> Ephraim is <del>as an</del> <ins>a trained</ins> heifer that <del>is taught, and loveth</del> <ins>loves</ins> to <del>tread out the corn; but I passed over upon her fair neck:</del> <ins>thresh; so</ins> I will <del>make Ephraim to ride;</del> <ins>put a yoke on her fair neck. I will drive Ephraim,</ins> Judah <del>shall</del> <ins>must</ins> plow, and Jacob <del>shall</del> <ins>must</ins> break <del>his clods.</del> <ins>up the ground.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 10:12]</b> Sow <del>to</del> <ins>for</ins> yourselves <del>in</del> righteousness, reap <del>in mercy;</del> <ins>the fruit of unfailing love, and</ins> break up your <del>fallow ground:</del> <ins>unplowed ground;</ins> for it is time to seek the LORD, <del>till</del> <ins>until</ins> he <del>come</del> <ins>comes</ins> and <del>rain</del> <ins>showers</ins> righteousness <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> you.</p><p><b>[Hosea 10:13]</b> <del>Ye</del> <ins>But you</ins> have <del>plowed</del> <ins>planted</ins> wickedness, <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> have reaped <del>iniquity; ye</del> <ins>evil, you</ins> have eaten the fruit of <del>lies: because thou didst trust in thy way, in the multitude of thy mighty men.</del> <ins>deception. Because you have depended on your own strength and on your many warriors,</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 10:14]</b> <del>Therefore shall a tumult arise among thy</del> <ins>the roar of battle will rise against your</ins> people, <del>and</del> <ins>so that</ins> all <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> fortresses <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be <del>spoiled,</del> <ins>devastated-</ins> as Shalman <del>spoiled Betharbel in</del> <ins>devastated Beth Arbel on</ins> the day of <del>battle: the mother was</del> <ins>battle, when mothers were</ins> dashed <del>in pieces upon her</del> <ins>to the ground with their</ins> children.</p><p><b>[Hosea 10:15]</b> <del>So shall Bethel do unto you</del> <ins>Thus will it happen to you, O Bethel,</ins> because <del>of</del> your <del>great wickedness: in a morning shall</del> <ins>wickedness is great. When that day dawns,</ins> the king of Israel <del>utterly</del> <ins>will</ins> be <del>cut off.</del> <ins>completely destroyed.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 11:1]</b> <del>When</del> <ins>"When</ins> Israel was a child, <del>then</del> I loved him, and <del>called my son</del> out of <del>Egypt.</del> <ins>Egypt I called my son.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 11:2]</b> <del>As they</del> <ins>But the more I</ins> called <del>them, so</del> <ins>Israel, the further</ins> they went from <del>them: they</del> <ins>me. They</ins> sacrificed <del>unto Baalim,</del> <ins>to the Baals</ins> and <ins>they</ins> burned incense to <del>graven</del> images.</p><p><b>[Hosea 11:3]</b> <ins>It was</ins> I <ins>who</ins> taught Ephraim <del>also</del> to <del>go,</del> <ins>walk,</ins> taking them by <del>their</del> <ins>the</ins> arms; but they <del>knew</del> <ins>did</ins> not <del>that</del> <ins>realize it was</ins> I <ins>who</ins> healed them.</p><p><b>[Hosea 11:4]</b> I <del>drew</del> <ins>led</ins> them with cords of <del>a man,</del> <ins>human kindness,</ins> with <del>bands</del> <ins>ties</ins> of <del>love: and</del> <ins>love;</ins> I <del>was to them as they that take off</del> <ins>lifted</ins> the yoke <del>on</del> <ins>from</ins> their <del>jaws,</del> <ins>neck</ins> and <del>I laid meat unto</del> <ins>bent down to feed</ins> them.</p><p><b>[Hosea 11:5]</b> <del>He shall</del> <ins>"Will they</ins> not return <del>into the land of Egypt,</del> <ins>to Egypt</ins> and <del>the Assyrian shall be his king,</del> <ins>will not Assyria rule over them</ins> because they <del>refused</del> <ins>refuse</ins> to <del>return.</del> <ins>repent?</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 11:6]</b> <del>And the sword shall abide on his</del> <ins>Swords will flash in their</ins> cities, <del>and shall consume his branches, and devour them, because</del> <ins>will destroy the bars</ins> of their <del>own counsels.</del> <ins>gates and put an end to their plans.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 11:7]</b> <del>And my</del> <ins>My</ins> people are <del>bent</del> <ins>determined</ins> to <del>backsliding</del> <ins>turn</ins> from <del>me: though</del> <ins>me. Even if</ins> they <del>called them</del> <ins>call</ins> to the <del>most</del> <ins>Most</ins> High, <del>none at all would</del> <ins>he will by no means</ins> exalt <del>him.</del> <ins>them.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 11:8]</b> <del>How shall</del> <ins>"How can</ins> I give <del>thee</del> <ins>you</ins> up, Ephraim? <del>how shall</del> <ins>How can</ins> I <del>deliver thee,</del> <ins>hand you over,</ins> Israel? <del>how shall</del> <ins>How can I treat you like Admah? How can</ins> I make <del>thee as Admah? how shall I set thee as Zeboim? mine</del> <ins>you like Zeboiim? My</ins> heart is <del>turned</del> <ins>changed</ins> within <del>me,</del> <ins>me; all</ins> my <del>repentings are kindled together.</del> <ins>compassion is aroused.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 11:9]</b> I will not <del>execute the fierceness of mine</del> <ins>carry out my fierce</ins> anger, <del>I</del> <ins>nor</ins> will <del>not return to destroy Ephraim: for</del> <ins>I turn and devastate Ephraim. For</ins> I am God, and not <del>man;</del> <ins>man-</ins> the Holy One <del>in the midst of thee: and</del> <ins>among you.</ins> I will not <del>enter into the city.</del> <ins>come in wrath.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 11:10]</b> They <del>shall walk after</del> <ins>will follow</ins> the <del>LORD:</del> <ins>LORD;</ins> he <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> roar like a <del>lion: when</del> <ins>lion. When</ins> he <del>shall roar, then the</del> <ins>roars, his</ins> children <del>shall tremble</del> <ins>will come trembling</ins> from the west.</p><p><b>[Hosea 11:11]</b> They <del>shall tremble as a bird out of</del> <ins>will come trembling like birds from</ins> Egypt, <del>and as a dove out of the land of Assyria: and</del> <ins>like doves from Assyria.</ins> I will <del>place</del> <ins>settle</ins> them in their <del>houses, saith</del> <ins>homes," declares</ins> the LORD.</p><p><b>[Hosea 11:12]</b> Ephraim <del>compasseth</del> <ins>has surrounded</ins> me <del>about</del> with lies, <del>and</del> the house of Israel with <del>deceit: but</del> <ins>deceit. And</ins> Judah <del>yet ruleth with God, and</del> is <del>faithful with</del> <ins>unruly against God, even against</ins> the <del>saints.</del> <ins>faithful Holy One.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 12:1]</b> Ephraim <del>feedeth</del> <ins>feeds</ins> on <del>wind, and followeth after</del> <ins>the wind; he pursues</ins> the east <del>wind: he daily increaseth</del> <ins>wind all day and multiplies</ins> lies and <del>desolation; and they do make</del> <ins>violence. He makes</ins> a <del>covenant</del> <ins>treaty</ins> with <del>the Assyrians,</del> <ins>Assyria</ins> and <ins>sends olive</ins> oil <del>is carried into</del> <ins>to</ins> Egypt.</p><p><b>[Hosea 12:2]</b> The LORD <del>hath also</del> <ins>has</ins> a <del>controversy with Judah, and</del> <ins>charge to bring against Judah; he</ins> will punish Jacob according to his <del>ways;</del> <ins>ways and repay him</ins> according to his <del>doings will he recompense him.</del> <ins>deeds.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 12:3]</b> <del>He took his brother by</del> <ins>In</ins> the <del>heel in the womb, and by his strength</del> <ins>womb</ins> he <del>had power</del> <ins>grasped his brother's heel; as a man he struggled</ins> with <del>God:</del> <ins>God.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 12:4]</b> <del>Yea, he had power over</del> <ins>He struggled with</ins> the <del>angel,</del> <ins>angel</ins> and <del>prevailed:</del> <ins>overcame him;</ins> he <del>wept,</del> <ins>wept</ins> and <del>made supplication unto him: he</del> <ins>begged for his favor. He</ins> found him <del>in Bethel,</del> <ins>at Bethel</ins> and <del>there he spake</del> <ins>talked</ins> with <del>us;</del> <ins>him there-</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 12:5]</b> <del>Even</del> the LORD God <del>of hosts;</del> <ins>Almighty,</ins> the LORD is his <del>memorial.</del> <ins>name of renown!</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 12:6]</b> <del>Therefore turn thou</del> <ins>But you must return</ins> to <del>thy God: keep mercy</del> <ins>your God; maintain love</ins> and <del>judgment</del> <ins>justice,</ins> and wait <del>on thy</del> <ins>for your</ins> God <del>continually.</del> <ins>always.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 12:7]</b> <del>He is a merchant, the balances of deceit are in his hand:</del> <ins>The merchant uses dishonest scales;</ins> he <del>loveth</del> <ins>loves</ins> to <del>oppress.</del> <ins>defraud.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 12:8]</b> <del>And</del> Ephraim <del>said, Yet I</del> <ins>boasts, "I</ins> am <del>become rich,</del> <ins>very rich;</ins> I have <del>found me out substance: in</del> <ins>become wealthy. With</ins> all my <del>labours</del> <ins>wealth</ins> they <del>shall</del> <ins>will not</ins> find <del>none iniquity</del> in me <del>that were sin.</del> <ins>any iniquity or sin."</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 12:9]</b> <del>And I that</del> <ins>"I</ins> am the LORD <del>thy God from the land</del> <ins>your God, who brought you out</ins> of <del>Egypt</del> <ins>Egypt; I</ins> will <del>yet</del> make <del>thee to dwell</del> <ins>you live</ins> in <del>tabernacles,</del> <ins>tents again,</ins> as in the days of <del>the solemn feast.</del> <ins>your appointed feasts.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 12:10]</b> I <del>have also spoken by</del> <ins>spoke to</ins> the prophets, <ins>gave them many visions</ins> and <del>I have multiplied visions, and used similitudes, by the ministry of the prophets.</del> <ins>told parables through them."</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 12:11]</b> Is <del>there iniquity in Gilead? surely they</del> <ins>Gilead wicked? Its people</ins> are <del>vanity:</del> <ins>worthless! Do</ins> they sacrifice <del>bullocks</del> <ins>bulls</ins> in <del>Gilgal; yea, their</del> <ins>Gilgal? Their</ins> altars <del>are as heaps in the furrows</del> <ins>will be like piles</ins> of <del>the fields.</del> <ins>stones on a plowed field.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 12:12]</b> <del>And</del> Jacob fled <del>into</del> <ins>to</ins> the country of <del>Syria, and</del> <ins>Aram;</ins> Israel served <del>for</del> <ins>to get</ins> a wife, and <ins>to pay</ins> for <del>a wife</del> <ins>her</ins> he <del>kept</del> <ins>tended</ins> sheep.</p><p><b>[Hosea 12:13]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>The LORD used a prophet to bring Israel up from Egypt,</ins> by a prophet <del>the LORD brought Israel out of Egypt, and by a prophet was</del> he <del>preserved.</del> <ins>cared for him.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 12:14]</b> <ins>But</ins> Ephraim <ins>has bitterly</ins> provoked him to <del>anger most bitterly: therefore shall he leave</del> <ins>anger;</ins> his <del>blood</del> <ins>Lord will leave</ins> upon <del>him, and</del> <ins>him the guilt of</ins> his <del>reproach shall</del> <ins>bloodshed and will repay him for</ins> his <del>LORD return unto him.</del> <ins>contempt.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 13:1]</b> When Ephraim <del>spake trembling,</del> <ins>spoke, men trembled;</ins> he <ins>was</ins> exalted <del>himself</del> in <del>Israel; but when</del> <ins>Israel. But</ins> he <del>offended in Baal, he</del> <ins>became guilty of Baal worship and</ins> died.</p><p><b>[Hosea 13:2]</b> <del>And now</del> <ins>Now</ins> they sin more and <del>more, and have made them molten images of</del> <ins>more; they make idols for themselves from</ins> their silver, <del>and idols according to their own understanding,</del> <ins>cleverly fashioned images,</ins> all of <del>it</del> <ins>them</ins> the work of <del>the craftsmen: they say</del> <ins>craftsmen. It is said</ins> of <del>them, Let the men that</del> <ins>these people, "They offer human</ins> sacrifice <ins>and</ins> kiss the <del>calves.</del> <ins>calf-idols."</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 13:3]</b> Therefore they <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> the morning <del>cloud and as</del> <ins>mist, like</ins> the early dew that <del>passeth away, as the</del> <ins>disappears, like</ins> chaff <del>that is driven with the whirlwind out of the</del> <ins>swirling from a threshing</ins> floor, <del>and as the</del> <ins>like</ins> smoke <del>out of the chimney.</del> <ins>escaping through a window.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 13:4]</b> <del>Yet</del> <ins>"But</ins> I am the LORD <del>thy God from the land</del> <ins>your God, who brought you out</ins> of <del>Egypt, and thou shalt know</del> <ins>Egypt. You shall acknowledge</ins> no <del>god</del> <ins>God</ins> but <del>me: for there is</del> <ins>me,</ins> no <del>saviour beside</del> <ins>Savior except</ins> me.</p><p><b>[Hosea 13:5]</b> I <del>did know thee</del> <ins>cared for you</ins> in the <del>wilderness,</del> <ins>desert,</ins> in the land of <del>great drought.</del> <ins>burning heat.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 13:6]</b> <del>According to their pasture, so were they filled;</del> <ins>When I fed them,</ins> they were <del>filled, and their heart was exalted; therefore have</del> <ins>satisfied; when</ins> they <del>forgotten</del> <ins>were satisfied, they became proud; then they forgot</ins> me.</p><p><b>[Hosea 13:7]</b> <del>Therefore</del> <ins>So</ins> I will <del>be unto</del> <ins>come upon</ins> them <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> a <del>lion: as</del> <ins>lion, like</ins> a leopard <ins>I will lurk</ins> by the <del>way will I observe them:</del> <ins>path.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 13:8]</b> <del>I will meet them as</del> <ins>Like</ins> a bear <del>that is bereaved</del> <ins>robbed</ins> of her <del>whelps, and will rend the caul of their heart, and there will</del> <ins>cubs,</ins> I <del>devour</del> <ins>will attack</ins> them <del>like</del> <ins>and rip them open. Like</ins> a <del>lion: the</del> <ins>lion I will devour them; a</ins> wild <del>beast shall</del> <ins>animal will</ins> tear <del>them.</del> <ins>them apart.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 13:9]</b> <ins>"You are destroyed,</ins> O Israel, <del>thou hast destroyed thyself; but in me is thine help.</del> <ins>because you are against me, against your helper.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 13:10]</b> <del>I will be thy king: where</del> <ins>Where</ins> is <del>any other</del> <ins>your king,</ins> that <ins>he</ins> may save <del>thee</del> <ins>you? Where are your rulers</ins> in all <del>thy cities? and thy judges</del> <ins>your towns,</ins> of whom <del>thou saidst, Give</del> <ins>you said, 'Give</ins> me a king and <del>princes?</del> <ins>princes'?</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 13:11]</b> <del>I gave thee a king in mine anger, and took him away</del> <ins>So</ins> in my <del>wrath.</del> <ins>anger I gave you a king, and in my wrath I took him away.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 13:12]</b> The <del>iniquity</del> <ins>guilt</ins> of Ephraim is <del>bound up;</del> <ins>stored up,</ins> his <del>sin is hid.</del> <ins>sins are kept on record.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 13:13]</b> <del>The sorrows</del> <ins>Pains as</ins> of a <del>travailing</del> woman <del>shall</del> <ins>in childbirth</ins> come <del>upon him:</del> <ins>to him, but</ins> he is <del>an unwise son; for he should not stay long in</del> <ins>a child without wisdom; when</ins> the <del>place</del> <ins>time arrives, he does not come to the opening</ins> of the <del>breaking forth of children.</del> <ins>womb.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 13:14]</b> <del>I</del> <ins>"I</ins> will ransom them from the power of the grave; I will redeem them from <del>death:</del> <ins>death. Where,</ins> O death, <del>I will be thy plagues;</del> <ins>are your plagues? Where,</ins> O grave, <del>I</del> <ins>is your destruction? "I</ins> will <del>be thy destruction: repentance shall be hid from mine eyes.</del> <ins>have no compassion,</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 13:15]</b> <del>Though</del> <ins>even though</ins> he <del>be fruitful</del> <ins>thrives</ins> among his <del>brethren, an</del> <ins>brothers. An</ins> east wind <del>shall come, the wind of the LORD shall come up</del> from the <del>wilderness, and</del> <ins>LORD will come, blowing in from the desert;</ins> his spring <del>shall become dry,</del> <ins>will fail</ins> and his <del>fountain shall</del> <ins>well dry up. His storehouse will</ins> be <del>dried up: he shall spoil the treasure</del> <ins>plundered</ins> of all <del>pleasant vessels.</del> <ins>its treasures.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 13:16]</b> <ins>The people of</ins> Samaria <del>shall become desolate; for she hath</del> <ins>must bear their guilt, because they have</ins> rebelled against <del>her God: they shall</del> <ins>their God. They will</ins> fall by the <del>sword:</del> <ins>sword;</ins> their <del>infants shall</del> <ins>little ones will</ins> be dashed <del>in pieces, and</del> <ins>to the ground,</ins> their <ins>pregnant</ins> women <del>with child shall be</del> ripped <del>up.</del> <ins>open."</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 14:1]</b> <ins>Return,</ins> O <del>israel, return unto</del> <ins>Israel, to</ins> the LORD <del>thy God; for thou hast fallen by thine iniquity.</del> <ins>your God. Your sins have been your downfall!</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 14:2]</b> Take <ins>words</ins> with you <del>words,</del> and <del>turn</del> <ins>return</ins> to the <del>LORD: say unto him, Take away</del> <ins>LORD. Say to him: "Forgive</ins> all <del>iniquity,</del> <ins>our sins</ins> and receive us <del>graciously: so will</del> <ins>graciously, that</ins> we <del>render</del> <ins>may offer</ins> the <del>calves</del> <ins>fruit</ins> of our lips.</p><p><b>[Hosea 14:3]</b> <del>Asshur shall not</del> <ins>Assyria cannot</ins> save us; we will not <del>ride upon horses: neither</del> <ins>mount war-horses. We</ins> will <del>we</del> <ins>never again</ins> say <del>any more</del> <ins>'Our gods'</ins> to <del>the work of</del> <ins>what</ins> our <del>hands, Ye are our gods:</del> <ins>own hands have made,</ins> for in <del>thee</del> <ins>you</ins> the fatherless <del>findeth mercy.</del> <ins>find compassion."</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 14:4]</b> <del>I</del> <ins>"I</ins> will heal their <del>backsliding, I will</del> <ins>waywardness and</ins> love them <del>freely:</del> <ins>freely,</ins> for <del>mine</del> <ins>my</ins> anger <del>is</del> <ins>has</ins> turned away from <del>him.</del> <ins>them.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 14:5]</b> I will be <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> the dew <del>unto Israel:</del> <ins>to Israel;</ins> he <del>shall grow as the lily, and cast forth</del> <ins>will blossom like a lily. Like a cedar of Lebanon he will send down</ins> his <del>roots as Lebanon.</del> <ins>roots;</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 14:6]</b> <del>His branches shall spread, and</del> his <del>beauty shall</del> <ins>young shoots will grow. His splendor will</ins> be <del>as the</del> <ins>like an</ins> olive tree, <del>and</del> his <del>smell as</del> <ins>fragrance like a cedar of</ins> Lebanon.</p><p><b>[Hosea 14:7]</b> <del>They that</del> <ins>Men will</ins> dwell <del>under</del> <ins>again in</ins> his <del>shadow shall return; they shall revive as</del> <ins>shade. He will flourish like</ins> the <del>corn,</del> <ins>grain. He will blossom like a vine,</ins> and <del>grow as the vine: the scent thereof shall</del> <ins>his fame will</ins> be <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> the wine <del>of</del> <ins>from</ins> Lebanon.</p><p><b>[Hosea 14:8]</b> <del>Ephraim shall say, What</del> <ins>O Ephraim, what more</ins> have I to do <del>any more</del> with idols? I <del>have heard him,</del> <ins>will answer him</ins> and <del>observed him:</del> <ins>care for him.</ins> I am like a green <del>fir tree. From me is thy fruit found.</del> <ins>pine tree; your fruitfulness comes from me."</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 14:9]</b> Who is <del>wise, and he shall understand</del> <ins>wise? He will realize</ins> these <del>things? prudent, and he shall know them? for the</del> <ins>things. Who is discerning? He will understand them. The</ins> ways of the LORD are <del>right, and</del> <ins>right;</ins> the <del>just shall</del> <ins>righteous</ins> walk in <del>them:</del> <ins>them,</ins> but the <del>transgressors shall fall therein.</del> <ins>rebellious stumble in them.</ins></p>