<p><b>[James 1:1]</b> James, a servant of God and of the Lord Jesus Christ, <del>to</del> <ins>To</ins> the twelve tribes <del>which are</del> scattered <del>abroad, greeting.</del> <ins>among the nations: Greetings.</ins></p><p><b>[James 1:2]</b> <del>My brethren, count</del> <ins>Consider</ins> it <del>all joy when ye fall into divers temptations;</del> <ins>pure joy, my brothers, whenever you face trials of many kinds,</ins></p><p><b>[James 1:3]</b> <del>Knowing this,</del> <ins>because you know</ins> that the <del>trying</del> <ins>testing</ins> of your faith <del>worketh patience.</del> <ins>develops perseverance.</ins></p><p><b>[James 1:4]</b> <del>But let patience have her perfect work,</del> <ins>Perseverance must finish its work so</ins> that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> may be <del>perfect</del> <ins>mature</ins> and <del>entire, wanting nothing.</del> <ins>complete, not lacking anything.</ins></p><p><b>[James 1:5]</b> If any of you <del>lack</del> <ins>lacks</ins> wisdom, <del>let him</del> <ins>he should</ins> ask <del>of</del> God, <del>that giveth</del> <ins>who gives generously</ins> to all <del>men liberally, and upbraideth not;</del> <ins>without finding fault,</ins> and it <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be given <ins>to</ins> him.</p><p><b>[James 1:6]</b> But <del>let him ask in faith, nothing wavering. For</del> <ins>when</ins> he <del>that wavereth</del> <ins>asks, he must believe and not doubt, because he who doubts</ins> is like a wave of the <del>sea driven with the wind</del> <ins>sea, blown</ins> and <del>tossed.</del> <ins>tossed by the wind.</ins></p><p><b>[James 1:7]</b> <del>For let not that</del> <ins>That</ins> man <ins>should not</ins> think <del>that</del> he <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> receive <del>any thing of</del> <ins>anything from</ins> the <del>Lord.</del> <ins>Lord;</ins></p><p><b>[James 1:8]</b> <del>A double minded man</del> <ins>he</ins> is <ins>a double-minded man,</ins> unstable in all <del>his ways.</del> <ins>he does.</ins></p><p><b>[James 1:9]</b> <del>Let the</del> <ins>The</ins> brother <del>of low degree rejoice</del> in <del>that he is exalted:</del> <ins>humble circumstances ought to take pride in his high position.</ins></p><p><b>[James 1:10]</b> But the <del>rich, in that he</del> <ins>one who</ins> is <del>made low:</del> <ins>rich should take pride in his low position,</ins> because <del>as the flower of the grass</del> he <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> pass <del>away.</del> <ins>away like a wild flower.</ins></p><p><b>[James 1:11]</b> For the sun <del>is no sooner risen</del> <ins>rises</ins> with <del>a burning heat, but it withereth the grass,</del> <ins>scorching heat</ins> and <ins>withers</ins> the <del>flower thereof falleth,</del> <ins>plant; its blossom falls</ins> and <ins>its beauty is destroyed. In</ins> the <del>grace of the fashion of it perisheth: so also shall</del> <ins>same way,</ins> the rich man <ins>will</ins> fade away <del>in</del> <ins>even while he goes about</ins> his <del>ways.</del> <ins>business.</ins></p><p><b>[James 1:12]</b> Blessed is the man <del>that endureth temptation: for</del> <ins>who perseveres under trial, because</ins> when he <del>is tried,</del> <ins>has stood the test,</ins> he <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> receive the crown of <del>life, which the Lord hath</del> <ins>life that God has</ins> promised to <del>them that</del> <ins>those who</ins> love him.</p><p><b>[James 1:13]</b> <del>Let no man say when he is</del> <ins>When</ins> tempted, <del>I am tempted of God: for</del> <ins>no one should say, "God is tempting me." For</ins> God cannot be tempted <del>with</del> <ins>by</ins> evil, <del>neither tempteth</del> <ins>nor does</ins> he <del>any man:</del> <ins>tempt anyone;</ins></p><p><b>[James 1:14]</b> <del>But every man</del> <ins>but each one</ins> is <del>tempted, when he is drawn away of</del> <ins>tempted when, by</ins> his own <del>lust,</del> <ins>evil desire, he is dragged away</ins> and enticed.</p><p><b>[James 1:15]</b> <del>Then when lust hath</del> <ins>Then, after desire has</ins> conceived, it <del>bringeth forth sin:</del> <ins>gives birth to sin;</ins> and sin, when it is <del>finished, bringeth forth</del> <ins>full-grown, gives birth to</ins> death.</p><p><b>[James 1:16]</b> <del>Do not err,</del> <ins>Don't be deceived,</ins> my <del>beloved brethren.</del> <ins>dear brothers.</ins></p><p><b>[James 1:17]</b> Every good <del>gift</del> and <del>every</del> perfect gift is from above, <del>and cometh</del> <ins>coming</ins> down from the Father of <ins>the heavenly</ins> lights, <del>with whom is no variableness, neither shadow of turning.</del> <ins>who does not change like shifting shadows.</ins></p><p><b>[James 1:18]</b> <del>Of his own will begat he</del> <ins>He chose to give</ins> us <del>with</del> <ins>birth through</ins> the word of truth, that we <del>should</del> <ins>might</ins> be a kind of firstfruits of <del>his creatures.</del> <ins>all he created.</ins></p><p><b>[James 1:19]</b> <del>Wherefore, my beloved brethren, let every man</del> <ins>My dear brothers, take note of this: Everyone should</ins> be <del>swift</del> <ins>quick</ins> to <del>hear,</del> <ins>listen,</ins> slow to <del>speak,</del> <ins>speak and</ins> slow to <del>wrath:</del> <ins>become angry,</ins></p><p><b>[James 1:20]</b> <del>For the wrath of man worketh</del> <ins>for man's anger does</ins> not <ins>bring about</ins> the <del>righteousness of God.</del> <ins>righteous life that God desires.</ins></p><p><b>[James 1:21]</b> <del>Wherefore lay apart all filthiness and superfluity</del> <ins>Therefore, get rid</ins> of <del>naughtiness,</del> <ins>all moral filth</ins> and <del>receive with meekness</del> the <del>engrafted word, which</del> <ins>evil that</ins> is <del>able to</del> <ins>so prevalent and humbly accept the word planted in you, which can</ins> save <del>your souls.</del> <ins>you.</ins></p><p><b>[James 1:22]</b> <del>But be ye doers of</del> <ins>Do not merely listen to</ins> the word, and <del>not hearers only, deceiving your own selves.</del> <ins>so deceive yourselves. Do what it says.</ins></p><p><b>[James 1:23]</b> <del>For if any be a hearer of</del> <ins>Anyone who listens to</ins> the <del>word, and</del> <ins>word but does</ins> not <del>a doer, he</del> <ins>do what it says</ins> is like <del>unto</del> a man <del>beholding</del> <ins>who looks at</ins> his <del>natural</del> face in a <del>glass:</del> <ins>mirror</ins></p><p><b>[James 1:24]</b> <del>For he beholdeth</del> <ins>and, after looking at</ins> himself, <ins>goes away</ins> and <del>goeth his way, and straightway forgetteth</del> <ins>immediately forgets</ins> what <del>manner of man</del> he <del>was.</del> <ins>looks like.</ins></p><p><b>[James 1:25]</b> But <del>whoso looketh</del> <ins>the man who looks intently</ins> into the perfect law <del>of liberty,</del> <ins>that gives freedom,</ins> and <del>continueth therein, he being</del> <ins>continues to do this,</ins> not <del>a forgetful hearer,</del> <ins>forgetting what he has heard,</ins> but <del>a doer of the work, this man shall</del> <ins>doing it--he will</ins> be blessed in <del>his deed.</del> <ins>what he does.</ins></p><p><b>[James 1:26]</b> If <del>any man among you seem to be religious,</del> <ins>anyone considers himself religious</ins> and <del>bridleth</del> <ins>yet does</ins> not <ins>keep a tight rein on</ins> his tongue, <del>but deceiveth</del> <ins>he deceives himself and</ins> his <del>own heart, this man's</del> religion is <del>vain.</del> <ins>worthless.</ins></p><p><b>[James 1:27]</b> <del>Pure religion and undefiled before</del> <ins>Religion that</ins> God <del>and the</del> <ins>our</ins> Father <ins>accepts as pure and faultless</ins> is <del>this, To visit the fatherless</del> <ins>this: to look after orphans</ins> and widows in their <del>affliction,</del> <ins>distress</ins> and to keep <del>himself unspotted</del> <ins>oneself</ins> from <ins>being polluted by</ins> the world.</p><p><b>[James 2:1]</b> My <del>brethren, have not the faith of</del> <ins>brothers, as believers in</ins> our <ins>glorious</ins> Lord Jesus Christ, <del>the Lord of glory, with respect of persons.</del> <ins>don't show favoritism.</ins></p><p><b>[James 2:2]</b> <del>For if there come unto your assembly</del> <ins>Suppose</ins> a man <del>with</del> <ins>comes into your meeting wearing</ins> a gold <del>ring, in goodly apparel,</del> <ins>ring</ins> and <del>there come in also</del> <ins>fine clothes, and</ins> a poor man in <del>vile raiment;</del> <ins>shabby clothes also comes in.</ins></p><p><b>[James 2:3]</b> <del>And ye have respect</del> <ins>If you show special attention</ins> to <del>him that weareth</del> the <del>gay clothing,</del> <ins>man wearing fine clothes</ins> and <del>say unto him, Sit thou here in</del> <ins>say, "Here's</ins> a good <del>place; and</del> <ins>seat for you," but</ins> say to the <del>poor, Stand thou there,</del> <ins>poor man, "You stand there"</ins> or <del>sit here under</del> <ins>"Sit on the floor by</ins> my <del>footstool:</del> <ins>feet,"</ins></p><p><b>[James 2:4]</b> <del>Are ye</del> <ins>have you</ins> not <del>then partial in yourselves,</del> <ins>discriminated among yourselves</ins> and <del>are</del> become judges <del>of</del> <ins>with</ins> evil thoughts?</p><p><b>[James 2:5]</b> <del>Hearken,</del> <ins>Listen,</ins> my <del>beloved brethren, Hath</del> <ins>dear brothers: Has</ins> not God chosen <del>the</del> <ins>those who are</ins> poor <del>of this world rich</del> in <del>faith, and heirs</del> <ins>the eyes</ins> of the <del>kingdom which he hath promised</del> <ins>world</ins> to <del>them that</del> <ins>be rich in faith and to inherit the kingdom he promised those who</ins> love him?</p><p><b>[James 2:6]</b> But <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> have <del>despised</del> <ins>insulted</ins> the poor. <del>Do</del> <ins>Is it</ins> not <del>rich men oppress you, and draw you before</del> the <del>judgment seats?</del> <ins>rich who are exploiting you? Are they not the ones who are dragging you into court?</ins></p><p><b>[James 2:7]</b> <del>Do not</del> <ins>Are</ins> they <del>blaspheme that worthy name by</del> <ins>not</ins> the <del>which ye</del> <ins>ones who</ins> are <del>called?</del> <ins>slandering the noble name of him to whom you belong?</ins></p><p><b>[James 2:8]</b> If <del>ye fulfil</del> <ins>you really keep</ins> the royal law <del>according to the scripture, Thou shalt love thy neighbour</del> <ins>found in Scripture, "Love your neighbor</ins> as <del>thyself, ye do well:</del> <ins>yourself," you are doing right.</ins></p><p><b>[James 2:9]</b> But if <del>ye have respect to persons, ye commit sin,</del> <ins>you show favoritism, you sin</ins> and are <del>convinced of</del> <ins>convicted by</ins> the law as <del>transgressors.</del> <ins>lawbreakers.</ins></p><p><b>[James 2:10]</b> For <del>whosoever shall keep</del> <ins>whoever keeps</ins> the whole <del>law,</del> <ins>law</ins> and yet <del>offend in</del> <ins>stumbles at just</ins> one <del>point, he</del> <ins>point</ins> is guilty of <del>all.</del> <ins>breaking all of it.</ins></p><p><b>[James 2:11]</b> For he <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> said, <del>Do</del> <ins>"Do</ins> not commit <del>adultery, said also, Do</del> <ins>adultery," also said, "Do</ins> not <del>kill. Now if thou</del> <ins>murder." If you do not</ins> commit <del>no adultery, yet if thou kill, thou art</del> <ins>adultery but do commit murder, you have</ins> become a <del>transgressor of the law.</del> <ins>lawbreaker.</ins></p><p><b>[James 2:12]</b> <del>So speak ye,</del> <ins>Speak</ins> and <del>so do,</del> <ins>act</ins> as <del>they that shall</del> <ins>those who are going to</ins> be judged by the law <del>of liberty.</del> <ins>that gives freedom,</ins></p><p><b>[James 2:13]</b> <del>For he shall have</del> <ins>because</ins> judgment without <del>mercy, that hath shewed no mercy; and</del> mercy <del>rejoiceth against judgment.</del> <ins>will be shown to anyone who has not been merciful. Mercy triumphs over judgment!</ins></p><p><b>[James 2:14]</b> What <del>doth it profit,</del> <ins>good is it,</ins> my <del>brethren, though</del> <ins>brothers, if</ins> a man <del>say he hath faith, and</del> <ins>claims to</ins> have <del>not works? can</del> <ins>faith but has no deeds? Can such</ins> faith save him?</p><p><b>[James 2:15]</b> <del>If</del> <ins>Suppose</ins> a brother or sister <del>be naked,</del> <ins>is without clothes</ins> and <del>destitute of</del> daily <del>food,</del> <ins>food.</ins></p><p><b>[James 2:16]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>If</ins> one of you <del>say unto them, Depart in peace, be ye warmed and filled; notwithstanding ye give them not those things which are needful</del> <ins>says</ins> to <del>the body;</del> <ins>him, "Go, I wish you well; keep warm and well fed," but does nothing about his physical needs,</ins> what <del>doth it profit?</del> <ins>good is it?</ins></p><p><b>[James 2:17]</b> <del>Even so faith,</del> <ins>In the same way, faith by itself,</ins> if it <del>hath not works,</del> is <del>dead, being alone.</del> <ins>not accompanied by action, is dead.</ins></p><p><b>[James 2:18]</b> <del>Yea, a man may</del> <ins>But someone will</ins> say, <del>Thou hast faith, and</del> <ins>"You have faith;</ins> I have <del>works: shew</del> <ins>deeds." Show</ins> me <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> faith without <del>thy works,</del> <ins>deeds,</ins> and I will <del>shew thee</del> <ins>show you</ins> my faith by <del>my works.</del> <ins>what I do.</ins></p><p><b>[James 2:19]</b> <del>Thou believest</del> <ins>You believe</ins> that there is one <del>God; thou doest well:</del> <ins>God. Good! Even</ins> the <del>devils also believe, and tremble.</del> <ins>demons believe that--and shudder.</ins></p><p><b>[James 2:20]</b> <del>But wilt thou know, O vain</del> <ins>You foolish</ins> man, <ins>do you want evidence</ins> that faith without <del>works</del> <ins>deeds</ins> is <del>dead?</del> <ins>useless?</ins></p><p><b>[James 2:21]</b> Was not <del>Abraham</del> our <del>father justified by works,</del> <ins>ancestor Abraham considered righteous for what he did</ins> when he <del>had</del> offered <del>Isaac</del> his son <del>upon</del> <ins>Isaac on</ins> the altar?</p><p><b>[James 2:22]</b> <del>Seest thou how faith wrought with</del> <ins>You see that</ins> his <del>works, and by works was</del> faith <ins>and his actions were working together, and his faith was</ins> made <del>perfect?</del> <ins>complete by what he did.</ins></p><p><b>[James 2:23]</b> And the scripture was fulfilled <del>which saith, Abraham</del> <ins>that says, "Abraham</ins> believed God, and it was <del>imputed unto</del> <ins>credited to</ins> him <del>for righteousness:</del> <ins>as righteousness,"</ins> and he was called <del>the Friend of God.</del> <ins>God's friend.</ins></p><p><b>[James 2:24]</b> <del>Ye</del> <ins>You</ins> see <del>then how</del> that <del>by works</del> a <del>man</del> <ins>person</ins> is <del>justified,</del> <ins>justified by what he does</ins> and not by faith <del>only.</del> <ins>alone.</ins></p><p><b>[James 2:25]</b> <del>Likewise also</del> <ins>In the same way,</ins> was not <ins>even</ins> Rahab the <del>harlot justified by works,</del> <ins>prostitute considered righteous for what she did</ins> when she <del>had received</del> <ins>gave lodging to</ins> the <del>messengers,</del> <ins>spies</ins> and <del>had</del> sent them <del>out another way?</del> <ins>off in a different direction?</ins></p><p><b>[James 2:26]</b> <del>For as</del> <ins>As</ins> the body without the spirit is dead, so faith without <del>works</del> <ins>deeds</ins> is <del>dead also.</del> <ins>dead.</ins></p><p><b>[James 3:1]</b> <del>My brethren, be not</del> <ins>Not</ins> many <del>masters, knowing</del> <ins>of you should presume to be teachers, my brothers, because you know</ins> that we <del>shall receive the greater condemnation.</del> <ins>who teach will be judged more strictly.</ins></p><p><b>[James 3:2]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>We all stumble</ins> in many <del>things we offend all.</del> <ins>ways.</ins> If <del>any man offend not</del> <ins>anyone is never at fault</ins> in <del>word, the same</del> <ins>what he says, he</ins> is a perfect man, <del>and</del> able <del>also</del> to <del>bridle the</del> <ins>keep his</ins> whole <del>body.</del> <ins>body in check.</ins></p><p><b>[James 3:3]</b> <del>Behold,</del> <ins>When</ins> we put bits <del>in</del> <ins>into</ins> the <del>horses' mouths, that they may</del> <ins>mouths of horses to make them</ins> obey <del>us; and</del> <ins>us,</ins> we <ins>can</ins> turn <del>about their</del> <ins>the</ins> whole <del>body.</del> <ins>animal.</ins></p><p><b>[James 3:4]</b> <del>Behold also the ships, which though</del> <ins>Or take ships as an example. Although</ins> they <del>be</del> <ins>are</ins> so <del>great,</del> <ins>large</ins> and are driven <del>of fierce</del> <ins>by strong</ins> winds, <del>yet are</del> they <del>turned about with</del> <ins>are steered by</ins> a very small <del>helm, whithersoever</del> <ins>rudder wherever</ins> the <del>governor listeth.</del> <ins>pilot wants to go.</ins></p><p><b>[James 3:5]</b> <del>Even so</del> <ins>Likewise</ins> the tongue is a <del>little member, and boasteth</del> <ins>small part of the body, but it makes</ins> great <del>things. Behold, how great</del> <ins>boasts. Consider what</ins> a <del>matter a little</del> <ins>great forest is set on</ins> fire <del>kindleth!</del> <ins>by a small spark.</ins></p><p><b>[James 3:6]</b> <del>And the</del> <ins>The</ins> tongue <ins>also</ins> is a fire, a world of <del>iniquity: so is the tongue</del> <ins>evil</ins> among <del>our members, that it defileth</del> <ins>the parts of the body. It corrupts</ins> the whole <del>body, and setteth on fire</del> <ins>person, sets</ins> the <ins>whole</ins> course of <del>nature;</del> <ins>his life on fire,</ins> and <del>it</del> is <ins>itself</ins> set on fire <del>of</del> <ins>by</ins> hell.</p><p><b>[James 3:7]</b> <del>For every kind</del> <ins>All kinds</ins> of <del>beasts, and of</del> <ins>animals,</ins> birds, <ins>reptiles</ins> and <ins>creatures</ins> of <del>serpents, and of things in</del> the <del>sea, is tamed,</del> <ins>sea are being tamed</ins> and <del>hath</del> <ins>have</ins> been tamed <del>of mankind:</del> <ins>by man,</ins></p><p><b>[James 3:8]</b> <del>But the tongue can</del> <ins>but</ins> no man <del>tame; it</del> <ins>can tame the tongue. It</ins> is <del>an unruly</del> <ins>a restless</ins> evil, full of deadly poison.</p><p><b>[James 3:9]</b> <del>Therewith bless we God, even</del> <ins>With</ins> the <del>Father; and therewith curse</del> <ins>tongue</ins> we <ins>praise our Lord and Father, and with it we curse</ins> men, <del>which are</del> <ins>who have been</ins> made <del>after the similitude of God.</del> <ins>in God's likeness.</ins></p><p><b>[James 3:10]</b> Out of the same mouth <del>proceedeth blessing</del> <ins>come praise</ins> and cursing. My <del>brethren, these things ought</del> <ins>brothers, this should</ins> not <del>so to</del> be.</p><p><b>[James 3:11]</b> <del>Doth a fountain send forth at the same place sweet</del> <ins>Can both fresh</ins> water and <del>bitter?</del> <ins>salt water flow from the same spring?</ins></p><p><b>[James 3:12]</b> <del>Can the fig tree, my brethren, bear olive berries? either a vine, figs? so</del> <ins>My brothers,</ins> can <del>no fountain both yield</del> <ins>a fig tree bear olives, or a grapevine bear figs? Neither can a</ins> salt <del>water and fresh.</del> <ins>spring produce fresh water.</ins></p><p><b>[James 3:13]</b> Who is <del>a</del> wise <del>man</del> and <del>endued with knowledge</del> <ins>understanding</ins> among you? <del>let</del> <ins>Let</ins> him <del>shew out of a good conversation</del> <ins>show it by</ins> his <del>works with meekness of</del> <ins>good life, by deeds done in the humility that comes from</ins> wisdom.</p><p><b>[James 3:14]</b> But if <del>ye have</del> <ins>you harbor</ins> bitter <del>envying</del> <ins>envy</ins> and <del>strife</del> <ins>selfish ambition</ins> in your hearts, <del>glory not, and lie</del> <ins>do</ins> not <del>against</del> <ins>boast about it or deny</ins> the truth.</p><p><b>[James 3:15]</b> <del>This wisdom descendeth</del> <ins>Such "wisdom" does</ins> not <ins>come down</ins> from <del>above,</del> <ins>heaven</ins> but is earthly, <del>sensual, devilish.</del> <ins>unspiritual, of the devil.</ins></p><p><b>[James 3:16]</b> For where <del>envying</del> <ins>you have envy</ins> and <del>strife is,</del> <ins>selfish ambition,</ins> there <del>is confusion</del> <ins>you find disorder</ins> and every evil <del>work.</del> <ins>practice.</ins></p><p><b>[James 3:17]</b> But the wisdom that <del>is</del> <ins>comes</ins> from <del>above</del> <ins>heaven</ins> is first <del>pure,</del> <ins>of all pure;</ins> then <del>peaceable, gentle, and easy to be intreated,</del> <ins>peace-loving, considerate, submissive,</ins> full of mercy and good <del>fruits, without partiality,</del> <ins>fruit, impartial</ins> and <del>without hypocrisy.</del> <ins>sincere.</ins></p><p><b>[James 3:18]</b> <del>And the fruit of righteousness is sown</del> <ins>Peacemakers who sow</ins> in peace <ins>raise a harvest</ins> of <del>them that make peace.</del> <ins>righteousness.</ins></p><p><b>[James 4:1]</b> <del>From whence come wars</del> <ins>What causes fights</ins> and <del>fightings</del> <ins>quarrels</ins> among you? <del>come</del> <ins>Don't</ins> they <del>not hence, even of</del> <ins>come from</ins> your <del>lusts</del> <ins>desires</ins> that <del>war in your members?</del> <ins>battle within you?</ins></p><p><b>[James 4:2]</b> <del>Ye lust,</del> <ins>You want something but don't get it. You kill</ins> and <del>have not: ye kill, and desire to have, and</del> <ins>covet, but you</ins> cannot <del>obtain: ye fight and war, yet ye</del> have <del>not,</del> <ins>what you want. You quarrel and fight. You do not have,</ins> because <del>ye</del> <ins>you do not</ins> ask <del>not.</del> <ins>God.</ins></p><p><b>[James 4:3]</b> <del>Ye</del> <ins>When you</ins> ask, <del>and receive not,</del> <ins>you do not receive,</ins> because <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> ask <del>amiss,</del> <ins>with wrong motives,</ins> that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> may <del>consume it upon</del> <ins>spend what you get on</ins> your <del>lusts.</del> <ins>pleasures.</ins></p><p><b>[James 4:4]</b> <del>Ye adulterers and adulteresses,</del> <ins>You adulterous people, don't you</ins> know <del>ye not</del> that <del>the</del> friendship <del>of</del> <ins>with</ins> the world is <del>enmity with</del> <ins>hatred toward</ins> God? <del>whosoever therefore will</del> <ins>Anyone who chooses to</ins> be a friend of the world <del>is the</del> <ins>becomes an</ins> enemy of God.</p><p><b>[James 4:5]</b> <del>Do ye</del> <ins>Or do you</ins> think <ins>Scripture says without reason</ins> that the <del>scripture saith in vain, The</del> spirit <del>that dwelleth</del> <ins>he caused to live</ins> in us <del>lusteth to envy?</del> <ins>envies intensely?</ins></p><p><b>[James 4:6]</b> But he <del>giveth</del> <ins>gives us</ins> more grace. <del>Wherefore he saith, God resisteth</del> <ins>That is why Scripture says: "God opposes</ins> the <del>proud,</del> <ins>proud</ins> but <del>giveth</del> <ins>gives</ins> grace <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>humble.</del> <ins>humble."</ins></p><p><b>[James 4:7]</b> Submit <del>yourselves therefore</del> <ins>yourselves, then,</ins> to God. Resist the devil, and he will flee from you.</p><p><b>[James 4:8]</b> <del>Draw nigh</del> <ins>Come near</ins> to <del>God,</del> <ins>God</ins> and he will <del>draw nigh</del> <ins>come near</ins> to you. <del>Cleanse</del> <ins>Wash</ins> your hands, <del>ye sinners;</del> <ins>you sinners,</ins> and purify your hearts, <del>ye double minded.</del> <ins>you double-minded.</ins></p><p><b>[James 4:9]</b> <del>Be afflicted,</del> <ins>Grieve, mourn</ins> and <del>mourn, and weep: let</del> <ins>wail. Change</ins> your laughter <del>be turned</del> to <del>mourning,</del> <ins>mourning</ins> and your joy to <del>heaviness.</del> <ins>gloom.</ins></p><p><b>[James 4:10]</b> Humble yourselves <del>in the sight of</del> <ins>before</ins> the Lord, and he <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> lift you up.</p><p><b>[James 4:11]</b> <del>Speak</del> <ins>Brothers, do</ins> not <del>evil</del> <ins>slander</ins> one <del>of another, brethren. He that speaketh evil of</del> <ins>another. Anyone who speaks against</ins> his <del>brother, and judgeth his brother, speaketh evil of</del> <ins>brother or judges him speaks against</ins> the <del>law,</del> <ins>law</ins> and <del>judgeth the law: but if thou</del> <ins>judges it. When you</ins> judge the law, <del>thou art</del> <ins>you are</ins> not <del>a doer of the law,</del> <ins>keeping it,</ins> but <del>a judge.</del> <ins>sitting in judgment on it.</ins></p><p><b>[James 4:12]</b> There is <ins>only</ins> one <del>lawgiver,</del> <ins>Lawgiver and Judge, the one</ins> who is able to save and <ins>destroy. But you--who are you</ins> to <del>destroy: who art thou that judgest another?</del> <ins>judge your neighbor?</ins></p><p><b>[James 4:13]</b> <del>Go to now, ye that</del> <ins>Now listen, you who</ins> say, <del>To day</del> <ins>"Today</ins> or <del>to morrow</del> <ins>tomorrow</ins> we will go <del>into such a</del> <ins>to this or that</ins> city, <del>and continue there</del> <ins>spend</ins> a <del>year,</del> <ins>year there, carry on business</ins> and <del>buy and sell, and get gain:</del> <ins>make money."</ins></p><p><b>[James 4:14]</b> <del>Whereas ye know</del> <ins>Why, you do</ins> not <ins>even know</ins> what <del>shall be on the morrow. For what</del> <ins>will happen tomorrow. What</ins> is your life? <del>It is even</del> <ins>You are</ins> a <del>vapour,</del> <ins>mist</ins> that <del>appeareth</del> <ins>appears</ins> for a little <del>time,</del> <ins>while</ins> and then <del>vanisheth away.</del> <ins>vanishes.</ins></p><p><b>[James 4:15]</b> <del>For that ye</del> <ins>Instead, you</ins> ought to say, <del>If</del> <ins>"If it is</ins> the <del>Lord</del> <ins>Lord's</ins> will, we <del>shall live,</del> <ins>will live</ins> and do <del>this,</del> <ins>this</ins> or <del>that.</del> <ins>that."</ins></p><p><b>[James 4:16]</b> <del>But now ye rejoice in your boastings: all</del> <ins>As it is, you boast and brag. All</ins> such <del>rejoicing</del> <ins>boasting</ins> is evil.</p><p><b>[James 4:17]</b> <del>Therefore to him that knoweth</del> <ins>Anyone, then, who knows the good he ought</ins> to do <del>good,</del> and <del>doeth it not, to him it is sin.</del> <ins>doesn't do it, sins.</ins></p><p><b>[James 5:1]</b> <del>Go to now, ye</del> <ins>Now listen, you</ins> rich <del>men,</del> <ins>people,</ins> weep and <del>howl for your miseries</del> <ins>wail because of the misery</ins> that <del>shall come</del> <ins>is coming</ins> upon you.</p><p><b>[James 5:2]</b> Your <del>riches are corrupted,</del> <ins>wealth has rotted,</ins> and <ins>moths have eaten</ins> your <del>garments are motheaten.</del> <ins>clothes.</ins></p><p><b>[James 5:3]</b> Your gold and silver <del>is cankered; and the rust of them shall be a witness</del> <ins>are corroded. Their corrosion will testify</ins> against <del>you,</del> <ins>you</ins> and <del>shall</del> eat your flesh <del>as it were</del> <ins>like</ins> fire. <del>Ye</del> <ins>You</ins> have <del>heaped treasure together for</del> <ins>hoarded wealth in</ins> the last days.</p><p><b>[James 5:4]</b> <del>Behold, the hire of the labourers who have reaped down your fields, which is of</del> <ins>Look! The wages</ins> you <del>kept back by fraud, crieth: and</del> <ins>failed to pay</ins> the <ins>workmen who mowed your fields are crying out against you. The</ins> cries of <del>them which</del> <ins>the harvesters</ins> have <del>reaped are entered into</del> <ins>reached</ins> the ears of the Lord <del>of sabaoth.</del> <ins>Almighty.</ins></p><p><b>[James 5:5]</b> <del>Ye</del> <ins>You</ins> have lived <del>in pleasure</del> on <del>the earth, and been wanton; ye have nourished your hearts, as</del> <ins>earth</ins> in <del>a</del> <ins>luxury and self-indulgence. You have fattened yourselves in the</ins> day of slaughter.</p><p><b>[James 5:6]</b> <del>Ye</del> <ins>You</ins> have condemned and <del>killed the just; and he doth</del> <ins>murdered innocent men, who were</ins> not <del>resist</del> <ins>opposing</ins> you.</p><p><b>[James 5:7]</b> Be <del>patient therefore, brethren, unto</del> <ins>patient, then, brothers, until</ins> the <del>coming of</del> <ins>Lord's coming. See how</ins> the <del>Lord. Behold, the husbandman waiteth</del> <ins>farmer waits</ins> for the <del>precious fruit of the earth,</del> <ins>land to yield its valuable crop</ins> and <del>hath long patience for it, until</del> <ins>how patient</ins> he <del>receive</del> <ins>is for</ins> the <del>early</del> <ins>autumn</ins> and <del>latter rain.</del> <ins>spring rains.</ins></p><p><b>[James 5:8]</b> <del>Be ye also patient; stablish your hearts: for</del> <ins>You too, be patient and stand firm, because</ins> the <ins>Lord's</ins> coming <del>of the Lord draweth nigh.</del> <ins>is near.</ins></p><p><b>[James 5:9]</b> <del>Grudge not one</del> <ins>Don't grumble</ins> against <del>another, brethren, lest ye</del> <ins>each other, brothers, or you will</ins> be <del>condemned: behold,</del> <ins>judged. The Judge is standing at</ins> the <del>judge standeth before the door.</del> <ins>door!</ins></p><p><b>[James 5:10]</b> <del>Take, my brethren,</del> <ins>Brothers, as an example of patience in</ins> the <del>prophets,</del> <ins>face of suffering, take the prophets</ins> who <del>have spoken</del> <ins>spoke</ins> in the name of the <del>Lord, for an example of suffering affliction, and of patience.</del> <ins>Lord.</ins></p><p><b>[James 5:11]</b> <del>Behold,</del> <ins>As you know,</ins> we <del>count them happy which endure. Ye</del> <ins>consider blessed those who have persevered. You</ins> have heard of <del>the patience of Job,</del> <ins>Job's perseverance</ins> and have seen <del>the end of the Lord; that</del> <ins>what</ins> the Lord <ins>finally brought about. The Lord</ins> is <del>very pitiful, and</del> <ins>full</ins> of <del>tender</del> <ins>compassion and</ins> mercy.</p><p><b>[James 5:12]</b> <del>But above all things,</del> <ins>Above all,</ins> my <del>brethren, swear not, neither</del> <ins>brothers, do not swear--not</ins> by <del>heaven, neither</del> <ins>heaven or</ins> by <del>the earth, neither</del> <ins>earth or</ins> by <del>any other oath: but let</del> <ins>anything else. Let</ins> your <del>yea</del> <ins>"Yes"</ins> be <del>yea;</del> <ins>yes,</ins> and your <del>nay, nay; lest ye fall into condemnation.</del> <ins>"No," no, or you will be condemned.</ins></p><p><b>[James 5:13]</b> Is any <del>among</del> <ins>one of</ins> you <del>afflicted? let him</del> <ins>in trouble? He should</ins> pray. Is <del>any merry? let</del> <ins>anyone happy? Let</ins> him sing <del>psalms.</del> <ins>songs of praise.</ins></p><p><b>[James 5:14]</b> Is any <del>sick among you? let him</del> <ins>one of you sick? He should</ins> call <del>for</del> the elders of the <del>church; and let them</del> <ins>church to</ins> pray over <del>him, anointing</del> <ins>him and anoint</ins> him with oil in the name of the <del>Lord:</del> <ins>Lord.</ins></p><p><b>[James 5:15]</b> And the prayer <del>of</del> <ins>offered in</ins> faith <del>shall save</del> <ins>will make</ins> the <del>sick, and</del> <ins>sick person well;</ins> the Lord <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> raise him <del>up; and if</del> <ins>up. If</ins> he <del>have committed sins, they shall</del> <ins>has sinned, he will</ins> be <del>forgiven him.</del> <ins>forgiven.</ins></p><p><b>[James 5:16]</b> <del>Confess</del> <ins>Therefore confess</ins> your <del>faults one</del> <ins>sins</ins> to <del>another,</del> <ins>each other</ins> and pray <del>one</del> for <del>another,</del> <ins>each other so</ins> that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> may be healed. The <del>effectual fervent</del> prayer of a righteous man <del>availeth much.</del> <ins>is powerful and effective.</ins></p><p><b>[James 5:17]</b> <del>Elias</del> <ins>Elijah</ins> was a man <del>subject to</del> <ins>just</ins> like <del>passions as we are, and he</del> <ins>us. He</ins> prayed earnestly that it <del>might</del> <ins>would</ins> not <del>rain:</del> <ins>rain,</ins> and it <del>rained</del> <ins>did</ins> not <ins>rain</ins> on the <del>earth by the space of</del> <ins>land for</ins> three <del>years</del> and <del>six months.</del> <ins>a half years.</ins></p><p><b>[James 5:18]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Again</ins> he <del>prayed again,</del> <ins>prayed,</ins> and the <del>heaven</del> <ins>heavens</ins> gave rain, and the earth <del>brought forth her fruit.</del> <ins>produced its crops.</ins></p><p><b>[James 5:19]</b> <del>Brethren,</del> <ins>My brothers,</ins> if <del>any</del> <ins>one</ins> of you <del>do err</del> <ins>should wander</ins> from the <del>truth,</del> <ins>truth</ins> and <del>one convert him;</del> <ins>someone should bring him back,</ins></p><p><b>[James 5:20]</b> <del>Let him know, that he which converteth the</del> <ins>remember this: Whoever turns a</ins> sinner from the error of his way <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> save <del>a soul</del> <ins>him</ins> from <del>death,</del> <ins>death</ins> and <del>shall hide</del> <ins>cover over</ins> a multitude of sins.</p>