<p><b>[Micah 1:1]</b> The word of the LORD that came to Micah <ins>of Moresheth during</ins> the <del>Morasthite in the days</del> <ins>reigns</ins> of Jotham, <del>Ahaz,</del> <ins>Ahaz</ins> and Hezekiah, kings of <del>Judah, which</del> <ins>Judah-the vision</ins> he saw concerning Samaria and Jerusalem.</p><p><b>[Micah 1:2]</b> Hear, <del>all ye people; hearken,</del> O <del>earth,</del> <ins>peoples, all of you, listen, O earth</ins> and all <ins>who are in it,</ins> that <del>therein is: and let</del> the <del>Lord GOD be</del> <ins>Sovereign LORD may</ins> witness against you, the <del>LORD</del> <ins>Lord</ins> from his holy temple.</p><p><b>[Micah 1:3]</b> <del>For, behold, the</del> <ins>Look! The</ins> LORD <del>cometh forth out of</del> <ins>is coming from</ins> his <del>place,</del> <ins>dwelling place; he comes down</ins> and <del>will come down, and tread upon</del> <ins>treads</ins> the high places of the earth.</p><p><b>[Micah 1:4]</b> <del>And the</del> <ins>The</ins> mountains <del>shall be molten under him,</del> <ins>melt beneath him</ins> and the valleys <del>shall be cleft, as</del> <ins>split apart, like</ins> wax before the fire, <del>and as the waters that are poured</del> <ins>like water rushing</ins> down a <del>steep place.</del> <ins>slope.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 1:5]</b> <del>For the transgression of Jacob</del> <ins>All this</ins> is <del>all this, and for</del> <ins>because of Jacob's transgression, because of</ins> the sins of the house of Israel. What is <del>the transgression of Jacob? is</del> <ins>Jacob's transgression? Is</ins> it not Samaria? <del>and what are the</del> <ins>What is Judah's</ins> high <del>places of Judah? are they</del> <ins>place? Is it</ins> not Jerusalem?</p><p><b>[Micah 1:6]</b> <del>Therefore</del> <ins>"Therefore</ins> I will make Samaria <del>as an</del> <ins>a</ins> heap of <del>the field, and as plantings of</del> <ins>rubble,</ins> a <del>vineyard: and</del> <ins>place for planting vineyards.</ins> I will pour <del>down the</del> <ins>her</ins> stones <del>thereof</del> into the <del>valley,</del> <ins>valley</ins> and <del>I will discover the foundations thereof.</del> <ins>lay bare her foundations.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 1:7]</b> <del>And all the graven images thereof shall</del> <ins>All her idols will</ins> be <del>beaten</del> <ins>broken</ins> to <del>pieces, and</del> <ins>pieces;</ins> all <del>the hires thereof shall</del> <ins>her temple gifts will</ins> be burned with <del>the fire, and all the idols thereof will</del> <ins>fire;</ins> I <del>lay desolate: for</del> <ins>will destroy all her images. Since</ins> she gathered <del>it of</del> <ins>her gifts from</ins> the <del>hire</del> <ins>wages</ins> of <del>an harlot, and they shall return to</del> <ins>prostitutes, as</ins> the <del>hire</del> <ins>wages</ins> of <del>an harlot.</del> <ins>prostitutes they will again be used."</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 1:8]</b> <del>Therefore</del> <ins>Because of this</ins> I will <del>wail</del> <ins>weep</ins> and <del>howl,</del> <ins>wail;</ins> I will go <del>stripped</del> <ins>about barefoot</ins> and <del>naked:</del> <ins>naked.</ins> I will <del>make a wailing</del> <ins>howl</ins> like <del>the dragons,</del> <ins>a jackal</ins> and <del>mourning as the owls.</del> <ins>moan like an owl.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 1:9]</b> For her wound is incurable; <del>for</del> it <del>is</del> <ins>has</ins> come <del>unto Judah; he is come unto</del> <ins>to Judah. It has reached</ins> the <ins>very</ins> gate of my people, even to <del>Jerusalem.</del> <ins>Jerusalem itself.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 1:10]</b> <del>Declare ye</del> <ins>Tell</ins> it not <del>at Gath,</del> <ins>in Gath;</ins> weep <del>ye</del> not at <del>all: in the house of Aphrah</del> <ins>all. In Beth Ophrah</ins> roll <del>thyself</del> in the dust.</p><p><b>[Micah 1:11]</b> Pass <del>ye away, thou inhabitant of Saphir, having thy shame naked: the inhabitant of Zaanan came not forth</del> <ins>on</ins> in <del>the mourning of Bethezel; he shall receive of</del> <ins>nakedness and shame,</ins> you <del>his standing.</del> <ins>who live in Shaphir. Those who live in Zaanan will not come out. Beth Ezel is in mourning; its protection is taken from you.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 1:12]</b> <del>For the inhabitant of</del> <ins>Those who live in</ins> Maroth <del>waited carefully</del> <ins>writhe in pain, waiting</ins> for <del>good: but evil came down</del> <ins>relief, because disaster has come</ins> from the <del>LORD unto</del> <ins>LORD, even to</ins> the gate of Jerusalem.</p><p><b>[Micah 1:13]</b> <del>O thou inhabitant of</del> <ins>You who live in</ins> Lachish, <del>bind</del> <ins>harness</ins> the <del>chariot</del> <ins>team</ins> to the <del>swift beast: she is</del> <ins>chariot. You were</ins> the beginning of <del>the</del> sin to the <del>daughter</del> <ins>Daughter</ins> of <del>Zion:</del> <ins>Zion,</ins> for the transgressions of Israel were found in <del>thee.</del> <ins>you.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 1:14]</b> Therefore <del>shalt thou</del> <ins>you will</ins> give <del>presents</del> <ins>parting gifts</ins> to <del>Moreshethgath: the houses</del> <ins>Moresheth Gath. The town</ins> of <del>Achzib shall be a lie</del> <ins>Aczib will prove deceptive</ins> to the kings of Israel.</p><p><b>[Micah 1:15]</b> <del>Yet will</del> I <ins>will</ins> bring <del>an heir unto thee, O inhabitant of Mareshah: he shall come unto Adullam</del> <ins>a conqueror against you who live in Mareshah. He who is</ins> the glory of <del>Israel.</del> <ins>Israel will come to Adullam.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 1:16]</b> <del>Make thee bald, and poll thee</del> <ins>Shave your heads in mourning</ins> for <del>thy delicate children; enlarge thy baldness</del> <ins>the children in whom you delight; make yourselves as bald</ins> as the <del>eagle;</del> <ins>vulture,</ins> for they <del>are gone into captivity</del> <ins>will go</ins> from <del>thee.</del> <ins>you into exile.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 2:1]</b> Woe to <del>them that devise</del> <ins>those who plan</ins> iniquity, <del>and work</del> <ins>to those who plot</ins> evil <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> their beds! <del>when the morning is light,</del> <ins>At morning's light</ins> they <del>practise it,</del> <ins>carry it out</ins> because it is in <del>the power of</del> their <del>hand.</del> <ins>power to do it.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 2:2]</b> <del>And they</del> <ins>They</ins> covet <del>fields,</del> <ins>fields</ins> and <del>take them by violence;</del> <ins>seize them,</ins> and houses, and take <del>them away: so they oppress</del> <ins>them. They defraud</ins> a man <del>and</del> <ins>of</ins> his <del>house, even</del> <ins>home,</ins> a <del>man and</del> <ins>fellowman of</ins> his <del>heritage.</del> <ins>inheritance.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 2:3]</b> <del>Therefore thus saith</del> <ins>Therefore,</ins> the <del>LORD; Behold,</del> <ins>LORD says: "I am planning disaster</ins> against this <del>family do I devise an evil,</del> <ins>people,</ins> from which <del>ye shall not remove your necks; neither shall ye go haughtily:</del> <ins>you cannot save yourselves. You will no longer walk proudly,</ins> for <del>this</del> <ins>it will be a</ins> time <del>is evil.</del> <ins>of calamity.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 2:4]</b> In that day <del>shall one take up a parable against you, and lament</del> <ins>men will ridicule you; they will taunt you</ins> with <del>a doleful lamentation, and say, We be</del> <ins>this mournful song: 'We are</ins> utterly <del>spoiled: he hath changed the portion of</del> <ins>ruined;</ins> my <del>people: how hath he removed</del> <ins>people's possession is divided up. He takes</ins> it from me! <del>turning away he hath divided</del> <ins>He assigns</ins> our <del>fields.</del> <ins>fields to traitors.'"</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 2:5]</b> Therefore <del>thou shalt</del> <ins>you will</ins> have <del>none that shall cast a cord by lot</del> <ins>no one</ins> in the <del>congregation</del> <ins>assembly</ins> of the <del>LORD.</del> <ins>LORD to divide the land by lot.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 2:6]</b> <del>Prophesy ye not, say they to them that prophesy: they shall</del> <ins>"Do not prophesy," their prophets say. "Do</ins> not prophesy <del>to them, that they shall</del> <ins>about these things; disgrace will</ins> not <del>take shame.</del> <ins>overtake us."</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 2:7]</b> <ins>Should it be said,</ins> O <del>thou that art named the</del> house of <del>Jacob, is</del> <ins>Jacob: "Is</ins> the <del>spirit</del> <ins>Spirit</ins> of the LORD <del>straitened? are these his doings?</del> <ins>angry? Does he</ins> do <ins>such things?Do</ins> not my words do good to him <del>that walketh uprightly?</del> <ins>whose ways are upright?</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 2:8]</b> <del>Even of late</del> <ins>Lately</ins> my people <del>is</del> <ins>have</ins> risen up <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> an <del>enemy: ye pull</del> <ins>enemy. You strip</ins> off the <ins>rich</ins> robe <del>with the garment</del> from <del>them that</del> <ins>those who</ins> pass by <del>securely as</del> <ins>without a care, like</ins> men <del>averse</del> <ins>returning</ins> from <del>war.</del> <ins>battle.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 2:9]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>You drive the</ins> women of my people <del>have ye cast out</del> from their pleasant <del>houses;</del> <ins>homes. You take away my blessing</ins> from their children <del>have ye taken away my glory for ever.</del> <ins>forever.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 2:10]</b> <del>Arise ye, and depart; for</del> <ins>Get up, go away! For</ins> this is not your <del>rest:</del> <ins>resting place,</ins> because it is <del>polluted,</del> <ins>defiled,</ins> it <del>shall destroy you, even with a sore destruction.</del> <ins>is ruined, beyond all remedy.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 2:11]</b> If a <del>man walking in the spirit</del> <ins>liar</ins> and <del>falsehood do lie, saying, I</del> <ins>deceiver comes and says, 'I</ins> will prophesy <del>unto thee</del> <ins>for you plenty</ins> of wine and <del>of strong drink;</del> <ins>beer,'</ins> he <del>shall even</del> <ins>would</ins> be <ins>just</ins> the prophet <del>of</del> <ins>for</ins> this <del>people.</del> <ins>people!</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 2:12]</b> <del>I will surely assemble, O Jacob, all of thee; I</del> <ins>"I</ins> will surely gather <ins>all of you, O Jacob; I will surely bring together</ins> the remnant of <del>Israel;</del> <ins>Israel.</ins> I will <del>put</del> <ins>bring</ins> them together <del>as the</del> <ins>like</ins> sheep <del>of Bozrah, as the</del> <ins>in a pen, like a</ins> flock in <ins>its pasture;</ins> the <del>midst of their fold: they shall make great noise by reason of the multitude of men.</del> <ins>place will throng with people.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 2:13]</b> <del>The breaker is come</del> <ins>One who breaks open the way will go</ins> up before <del>them:</del> <ins>them;</ins> they <del>have broken up, and have passed</del> <ins>will break</ins> through the <del>gate,</del> <ins>gate</ins> and <del>are gone out by it: and their</del> <ins>go out. Their</ins> king <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> pass <ins>through</ins> before them, <del>and</del> the LORD <del>on the head of them.</del> <ins>at their head."</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 3:1]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> I said, <del>Hear, I pray you, O heads</del> <ins>"Listen, you leaders</ins> of Jacob, <del>and ye princes</del> <ins>you rulers</ins> of the house of <del>Israel; Is it not for</del> <ins>Israel. Should</ins> you <del>to</del> <ins>not</ins> know <del>judgment?</del> <ins>justice,</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 3:2]</b> <del>Who</del> <ins>you who</ins> hate <del>the good,</del> <ins>good</ins> and love <del>the</del> evil; who <del>pluck off their</del> <ins>tear the</ins> skin from <del>off them,</del> <ins>my people</ins> and <del>their</del> <ins>the</ins> flesh from <del>off</del> their bones;</p><p><b>[Micah 3:3]</b> <del>Who also</del> <ins>who</ins> eat <del>the flesh of</del> my <del>people, and flay</del> <ins>people's flesh, strip off</ins> their skin <del>from off them;</del> and <del>they</del> break their <del>bones, and</del> <ins>bones in pieces; who</ins> chop them <del>in pieces, as</del> <ins>up like meat</ins> for the <del>pot, and as</del> <ins>pan, like</ins> flesh <del>within</del> <ins>for</ins> the <del>caldron.</del> <ins>pot?"</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 3:4]</b> Then <del>shall</del> they <ins>will</ins> cry <del>unto</del> <ins>out to</ins> the LORD, but he will not <del>hear them:</del> <ins>answer them. At that time</ins> he will <del>even</del> hide his face from them <del>at that time, as</del> <ins>because of the evil</ins> they have <del>behaved themselves ill in their doings.</del> <ins>done.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 3:5]</b> <del>Thus saith</del> <ins>This is what</ins> the LORD <del>concerning</del> <ins>says: "As for</ins> the prophets <del>that make</del> <ins>who lead</ins> my people <del>err, that bite with their teeth, and cry, Peace; and he that putteth not into their mouths,</del> <ins>astray, if one feeds them,</ins> they <del>even</del> <ins>proclaim 'peace'; if he does not, they</ins> prepare <ins>to wage</ins> war against him.</p><p><b>[Micah 3:6]</b> Therefore night <del>shall be unto you, that ye shall not have a vision; and it shall be dark unto you, that ye shall not divine; and the sun shall go down</del> <ins>will come</ins> over <ins>you, without visions, and darkness, without divination. The sun will set for</ins> the prophets, and the day <del>shall be</del> <ins>will go</ins> dark <del>over</del> <ins>for</ins> them.</p><p><b>[Micah 3:7]</b> <del>Then shall the</del> <ins>The</ins> seers <ins>will</ins> be <del>ashamed,</del> <ins>ashamed</ins> and the diviners <del>confounded: yea, they shall</del> <ins>disgraced. They will</ins> all cover their <del>lips; for</del> <ins>faces because</ins> there is no answer <del>of God.</del> <ins>from God."</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 3:8]</b> But <del>truly</del> <ins>as for me,</ins> I am <del>full of power by</del> <ins>filled with power, with</ins> the <del>spirit</del> <ins>Spirit</ins> of the LORD, and <del>of judgment,</del> <ins>with justice</ins> and <del>of</del> might, to declare <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> Jacob his transgression, <del>and</del> to Israel his sin.</p><p><b>[Micah 3:9]</b> Hear this, <del>I pray you, ye heads</del> <ins>you leaders</ins> of the house of Jacob, <del>and princes</del> <ins>you rulers</ins> of the house of Israel, <del>that abhor judgment,</del> <ins>who despise justice</ins> and <del>pervert</del> <ins>distort</ins> all <del>equity.</del> <ins>that is right;</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 3:10]</b> <del>They</del> <ins>who</ins> build <del>up</del> Zion with <del>blood,</del> <ins>bloodshed,</ins> and Jerusalem with <del>iniquity.</del> <ins>wickedness.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 3:11]</b> <del>The heads thereof</del> <ins>Her leaders</ins> judge for <del>reward, and the</del> <ins>a bribe, her</ins> priests <del>thereof</del> teach for <del>hire,</del> <ins>a price,</ins> and <del>the</del> <ins>her</ins> prophets <del>thereof divine</del> <ins>tell fortunes</ins> for <del>money: yet will</del> <ins>money. Yet</ins> they lean upon the <del>LORD,</del> <ins>LORD</ins> and say, <del>Is</del> <ins>"Is</ins> not the LORD among us? <del>none evil can</del> <ins>No disaster will</ins> come upon <del>us.</del> <ins>us."</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 3:12]</b> Therefore <del>shall</del> <ins>because of you,</ins> Zion <del>for your sake</del> <ins>will</ins> be plowed <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> a field, <del>and</del> Jerusalem <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> become <del>heaps, and the mountain</del> <ins>a heap</ins> of <ins>rubble,</ins> the <del>house as the high places of the forest.</del> <ins>temple hill a mound overgrown with thickets.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 4:1]</b> <del>But in</del> <ins>In</ins> the last days <del>it shall come to pass, that</del> the mountain of the <del>house of the LORD shall</del> <ins>LORD's temple will</ins> be established <del>in</del> <ins>as chief among</ins> the <del>top of the mountains, and</del> <ins>mountains;</ins> it <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be <del>exalted</del> <ins>raised</ins> above the <del>hills;</del> <ins>hills,</ins> and <del>people shall flow unto</del> <ins>peoples will stream to</ins> it.</p><p><b>[Micah 4:2]</b> <del>And many</del> <ins>Many</ins> nations <del>shall come,</del> <ins>will come</ins> and say, <del>Come, and</del> <ins>"Come,</ins> let us go up to the mountain of the LORD, <del>and</del> to the house of the God of <del>Jacob; and he</del> <ins>Jacob. He</ins> will teach us <del>of</del> his ways, <del>and</del> <ins>so that</ins> we <del>will</del> <ins>may</ins> walk in his <del>paths: for the</del> <ins>paths." The</ins> law <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> go <del>forth of</del> <ins>out from</ins> Zion, <del>and</del> the word of the LORD from Jerusalem.</p><p><b>[Micah 4:3]</b> <del>And he shall</del> <ins>He will</ins> judge <del>among</del> <ins>between</ins> many <del>people,</del> <ins>peoples</ins> and <del>rebuke</del> <ins>will settle disputes for</ins> strong nations <del>afar off;</del> <ins>far</ins> and <del>they shall</del> <ins>wide. They will</ins> beat their swords into <del>plowshares,</del> <ins>plowshares</ins> and their spears into <del>pruninghooks: nation shall</del> <ins>pruning hooks. Nation will</ins> not <del>lift</del> <ins>take</ins> up <del>a</del> sword against nation, <del>neither shall</del> <ins>nor will</ins> they <del>learn</del> <ins>train for</ins> war <del>any more.</del> <ins>anymore.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 4:4]</b> <del>But they shall sit every</del> <ins>Every</ins> man <ins>will sit</ins> under his <ins>own</ins> vine and under his <ins>own</ins> fig <del>tree;</del> <ins>tree,</ins> and <del>none shall</del> <ins>no one will</ins> make them <del>afraid:</del> <ins>afraid,</ins> for the <del>mouth of the</del> LORD <del>of hosts hath spoken it.</del> <ins>Almighty has spoken.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 4:5]</b> <del>For all people will</del> <ins>All the nations may</ins> walk <del>every one</del> in the name of <del>his god, and</del> <ins>their gods;</ins> we will walk in the name of the LORD our God for ever and ever. <ins>The LORD 's Plan</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 4:6]</b> <del>In</del> <ins>"In</ins> that <del>day, saith</del> <ins>day," declares</ins> the LORD, <del>will I assemble her that halteth, and I</del> <ins>"I</ins> will gather <del>her that is driven out,</del> <ins>the lame; I will assemble the exiles</ins> and <del>her that</del> <ins>those</ins> I have <del>afflicted;</del> <ins>brought to grief.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 4:7]</b> <del>And</del> I will make <del>her that halted</del> <ins>the lame</ins> a remnant, <del>and her that was cast far off</del> <ins>those driven away</ins> a strong <del>nation: and the</del> <ins>nation. The</ins> LORD <del>shall reign</del> <ins>will rule</ins> over them in <del>mount</del> <ins>Mount</ins> Zion from <del>henceforth, even for ever.</del> <ins>that day and forever.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 4:8]</b> <del>And thou,</del> <ins>As for you,</ins> O <del>tower</del> <ins>watchtower</ins> of the flock, <del>the strong hold</del> <ins>O stronghold</ins> of the <del>daughter</del> <ins>Daughter</ins> of Zion, <del>unto thee shall it come, even</del> the <del>first dominion; the kingdom shall</del> <ins>former dominion will be restored to you; kingship will</ins> come to the <del>daughter</del> <ins>Daughter</ins> of <del>Jerusalem.</del> <ins>Jerusalem."</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 4:9]</b> <del>Now why dost thou</del> <ins>Why do you now</ins> cry <del>out aloud? is there no king in thee? is thy counsellor perished? for pangs</del> <ins>aloud-</ins> have <del>taken thee as</del> <ins>you no king? Has your counselor perished, that pain seizes you like that of</ins> a woman in <del>travail.</del> <ins>labor?</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 4:10]</b> <del>Be</del> <ins>Writhe</ins> in <del>pain, and labour to bring forth,</del> <ins>agony,</ins> O <del>daughter</del> <ins>Daughter</ins> of Zion, like a woman in <del>travail:</del> <ins>labor,</ins> for now <del>shalt thou go forth out of</del> <ins>you must leave</ins> the <del>city, and thou shalt dwell</del> <ins>city to camp</ins> in the <del>field, and thou shalt</del> <ins>open field. You will</ins> go <del>even</del> to Babylon; there <del>shalt thou</del> <ins>you will</ins> be <del>delivered; there</del> <ins>rescued. There</ins> the LORD <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> redeem <del>thee from</del> <ins>you out of</ins> the hand of <del>thine</del> <ins>your</ins> enemies.</p><p><b>[Micah 4:11]</b> <del>Now also</del> <ins>But now</ins> many nations are gathered against <del>thee, that</del> <ins>you. They</ins> say, <del>Let</del> <ins>"Let</ins> her be defiled, <del>and</del> let our <del>eye look upon Zion.</del> <ins>eyes gloat over Zion!"</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 4:12]</b> But they <del>know</del> <ins>do</ins> not <ins>know</ins> the thoughts of the <del>LORD, neither understand</del> <ins>LORD;</ins> they <ins>do not understand</ins> his <del>counsel: for</del> <ins>plan,</ins> he <del>shall gather</del> <ins>who gathers</ins> them <del>as the</del> <ins>like</ins> sheaves <del>into</del> <ins>to</ins> the <ins>threshing</ins> floor.</p><p><b>[Micah 4:13]</b> <del>Arise</del> <ins>"Rise</ins> and thresh, O <del>daughter</del> <ins>Daughter</ins> of <del>Zion:</del> <ins>Zion,</ins> for I will <del>make thine horn iron, and</del> <ins>give you horns of iron;</ins> I will <del>make thy</del> <ins>give you</ins> hoofs <del>brass:</del> <ins>of bronze</ins> and <del>thou shalt beat in</del> <ins>you will break to</ins> pieces many <del>people: and I</del> <ins>nations." You</ins> will <del>consecrate</del> <ins>devote</ins> their <del>gain unto</del> <ins>ill-gotten gains to</ins> the LORD, <del>and</del> their <del>substance unto</del> <ins>wealth to</ins> the Lord of <ins>all</ins> the <del>whole</del> earth.</p><p><b>[Micah 5:1]</b> <del>Now gather thyself in</del> <ins>Marshal your</ins> troops, O <del>daughter</del> <ins>city</ins> of <del>troops: he hath laid</del> <ins>troops, for a</ins> siege <ins>is laid</ins> against <del>us: they shall smite</del> <ins>us. They will strike Israel's ruler on</ins> the <del>judge of Israel</del> <ins>cheek</ins> with a <del>rod upon the cheek.</del> <ins>rod.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 5:2]</b> <del>But thou,</del> <ins>"But you,</ins> Bethlehem <del>Ephratah,</del> <ins>Ephrathah,</ins> though <del>thou be little</del> <ins>you are small</ins> among the <del>thousands</del> <ins>clans</ins> of Judah, <del>yet</del> out of <del>thee shall he</del> <ins>you will</ins> come <del>forth unto</del> <ins>for</ins> me <del>that is to</del> <ins>one who will</ins> be ruler <del>in Israel;</del> <ins>over Israel,</ins> whose <del>goings forth have been</del> <ins>origins are</ins> from of old, from <del>everlasting.</del> <ins>ancient times. "</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 5:3]</b> Therefore <ins>Israel</ins> will <del>he give them up,</del> <ins>be abandoned</ins> until the time <del>that</del> <ins>when</ins> she <del>which travaileth hath brought forth: then</del> <ins>who is in labor gives birth and</ins> the <del>remnant</del> <ins>rest</ins> of his <del>brethren shall</del> <ins>brothers</ins> return <del>unto</del> <ins>to join</ins> the <del>children of Israel.</del> <ins>Israelites.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 5:4]</b> <del>And he shall</del> <ins>He will</ins> stand and <del>feed</del> <ins>shepherd his flock</ins> in the strength of the LORD, in the majesty of the name of the LORD his <del>God; and</del> <ins>God. And</ins> they <del>shall abide:</del> <ins>will live securely,</ins> for <del>now shall he be great unto</del> <ins>then his greatness will reach to</ins> the ends of the earth.</p><p><b>[Micah 5:5]</b> And <del>this man shall</del> <ins>he will</ins> be <del>the peace, when</del> <ins>their peace. When</ins> the Assyrian <del>shall come into</del> <ins>invades</ins> our <del>land:</del> <ins>land</ins> and <del>when he shall tread in</del> <ins>marches through</ins> our <del>palaces, then shall</del> <ins>fortresses,</ins> we <ins>will</ins> raise against him seven shepherds, <del>and</del> <ins>even</ins> eight <del>principal</del> <ins>leaders of</ins> men.</p><p><b>[Micah 5:6]</b> <del>And they shall waste</del> <ins>They will rule</ins> the land of Assyria with the sword, <del>and</del> the land of Nimrod <del>in the entrances thereof: thus shall he</del> <ins>with drawn sword. He will</ins> deliver us from the <del>Assyrian,</del> <ins>Assyrian</ins> when he <del>cometh</del> <ins>invades our land and marches</ins> into our <del>land, and when he treadeth within our</del> borders.</p><p><b>[Micah 5:7]</b> <del>And the</del> <ins>The</ins> remnant of Jacob <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be in the midst of many <del>people as a</del> <ins>peoples like</ins> dew from the LORD, <del>as the</del> <ins>like</ins> showers <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> the grass, <del>that tarrieth</del> <ins>which do</ins> not <ins>wait</ins> for <del>man, nor waiteth</del> <ins>man or linger</ins> for <del>the sons of men.</del> <ins>mankind.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 5:8]</b> <del>And the</del> <ins>The</ins> remnant of Jacob <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be among the <del>Gentiles</del> <ins>nations,</ins> in the midst of many <del>people as</del> <ins>peoples, like</ins> a lion among the beasts of the forest, <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> a young lion among <del>the</del> flocks of <del>sheep: who, if he go through, both treadeth down,</del> <ins>sheep, which mauls</ins> and <del>teareth in pieces,</del> <ins>mangles as it goes,</ins> and <del>none</del> <ins>no one</ins> can <del>deliver.</del> <ins>rescue.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 5:9]</b> <del>Thine</del> <ins>Your</ins> hand <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be lifted up <del>upon thine adversaries,</del> <ins>in triumph over your enemies,</ins> and all <del>thine enemies shall</del> <ins>your foes will</ins> be <del>cut off.</del> <ins>destroyed.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 5:10]</b> <del>And it shall come to pass in</del> <ins>"In</ins> that <del>day, saith</del> <ins>day," declares</ins> the LORD, <del>that I will cut off thy horses out of the midst of thee, and I</del> <ins>"I</ins> will destroy <del>thy chariots:</del> <ins>your horses from among you and demolish your chariots.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 5:11]</b> <del>And</del> I will <del>cut off</del> <ins>destroy</ins> the cities of <del>thy land,</del> <ins>your land</ins> and <del>throw</del> <ins>tear</ins> down all <del>thy strong holds:</del> <ins>your strongholds.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 5:12]</b> <del>And</del> I will <del>cut off witchcrafts out of thine hand;</del> <ins>destroy your witchcraft</ins> and <del>thou shalt have</del> <ins>you will</ins> no <del>more soothsayers:</del> <ins>longer cast spells.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 5:13]</b> <del>Thy graven images also will</del> I <del>cut off, and thy standing</del> <ins>will destroy your carved</ins> images <del>out of the midst of thee;</del> and <del>thou shalt</del> <ins>your sacred stones from among you; you will</ins> no <del>more worship</del> <ins>longer bow down to</ins> the work of <del>thine</del> <ins>your</ins> hands.</p><p><b>[Micah 5:14]</b> <del>And</del> I will <del>pluck up thy groves out of the midst of thee: so will I destroy thy</del> <ins>uproot from among you your Asherah poles and demolish your</ins> cities.</p><p><b>[Micah 5:15]</b> <del>And</del> I will <del>execute</del> <ins>take</ins> vengeance in anger and <del>fury</del> <ins>wrath</ins> upon the <del>heathen, such as they</del> <ins>nations that</ins> have not <del>heard.</del> <ins>obeyed me."</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 6:1]</b> <del>Hear ye now</del> <ins>Listen to</ins> what the LORD <del>saith; Arise, contend thou</del> <ins>says: "Stand up, plead your case</ins> before the <del>mountains, and</del> <ins>mountains;</ins> let the hills hear <del>thy voice.</del> <ins>what you have to say.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 6:2]</b> <del>Hear ye,</del> <ins>Hear,</ins> O mountains, the LORD's <del>controversy, and ye strong</del> <ins>accusation; listen, you everlasting</ins> foundations of the <del>earth: for</del> <ins>earth. For</ins> the LORD <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> a <del>controversy with</del> <ins>case against</ins> his <del>people, and</del> <ins>people;</ins> he <del>will plead with</del> <ins>is lodging a charge against</ins> Israel.</p><p><b>[Micah 6:3]</b> <del>O my</del> <ins>"My</ins> people, what have I done <del>unto thee? and wherein</del> <ins>to you? How</ins> have I <del>wearied thee? testify against</del> <ins>burdened you? Answer</ins> me.</p><p><b>[Micah 6:4]</b> <del>For</del> I brought <del>thee</del> <ins>you</ins> up out of <ins>Egypt and redeemed you from</ins> the land of <del>Egypt, and redeemed thee out of the house of servants; and</del> <ins>slavery.</ins> I sent <del>before thee Moses, Aaron,</del> <ins>Moses to lead you, also Aaron</ins> and Miriam.</p><p><b>[Micah 6:5]</b> <del>O my</del> <ins>My</ins> people, remember <del>now</del> what Balak king of Moab <del>consulted,</del> <ins>counseled</ins> and what Balaam <del>the</del> son of Beor <del>answered him</del> <ins>answered. Remember your journey</ins> from Shittim <del>unto Gilgal;</del> <ins>to Gilgal,</ins> that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> may know the <del>righteousness</del> <ins>righteous acts</ins> of the <del>LORD.</del> <ins>LORD."</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 6:6]</b> <del>Wherewith</del> <ins>With what</ins> shall I come before the <del>LORD,</del> <ins>LORD</ins> and bow <del>myself</del> <ins>down</ins> before the <del>high</del> <ins>exalted</ins> God? <del>shall</del> <ins>Shall</ins> I come before him with burnt offerings, with calves <del>of</del> a year old?</p><p><b>[Micah 6:7]</b> Will the LORD be pleased with thousands of rams, <del>or</del> with ten <del>thousands of</del> <ins>thousand</ins> rivers of oil? <del>shall</del> <ins>Shall</ins> I <del>give</del> <ins>offer</ins> my firstborn for my transgression, the fruit of my body for the sin of my soul?</p><p><b>[Micah 6:8]</b> He <del>hath shewed thee,</del> <ins>has showed you,</ins> O man, what is <del>good; and</del> <ins>good. And</ins> what <del>doth</del> <ins>does</ins> the LORD require of <del>thee, but to do justly,</del> <ins>you? To act justly</ins> and to love <del>mercy,</del> <ins>mercy</ins> and to walk humbly with <del>thy God?</del> <ins>your God.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 6:9]</b> <ins>Listen!</ins> The <del>LORD's voice crieth unto</del> <ins>LORD is calling to</ins> the <del>city,</del> <ins>city- and to fear your name is wisdom- "Heed the rod</ins> and the <del>man of wisdom shall see thy name: hear ye the rod, and</del> <ins>One</ins> who <del>hath</del> appointed it.</p><p><b>[Micah 6:10]</b> <del>Are there yet the</del> <ins>Am I still to forget, O wicked house, your ill-gotten</ins> treasures <del>of wickedness in the house of the wicked,</del> and the <del>scant measure that</del> <ins>short ephah, which</ins> is <del>abominable?</del> <ins>accursed?</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 6:11]</b> Shall I <del>count them pure</del> <ins>acquit a man</ins> with <del>the wicked balances, and</del> <ins>dishonest scales,</ins> with <del>the</del> <ins>a</ins> bag of <del>deceitful</del> <ins>false</ins> weights?</p><p><b>[Micah 6:12]</b> <del>For the</del> <ins>Her</ins> rich men <del>thereof</del> are <del>full of violence, and the inhabitants thereof have spoken lies,</del> <ins>violent; her people are liars</ins> and their <del>tongue is deceitful in their mouth.</del> <ins>tongues speak deceitfully.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 6:13]</b> <del>Therefore also will</del> <ins>Therefore,</ins> I <del>make thee sick in smiting thee, in making thee desolate</del> <ins>have begun to destroy you, to ruin you</ins> because of <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> sins.</p><p><b>[Micah 6:14]</b> <del>Thou shalt eat,</del> <ins>You will eat</ins> but not be satisfied; <del>and thy casting down shall be in the midst of thee; and thou shalt take hold, but shalt not deliver; and that which thou deliverest</del> <ins>your stomach</ins> will <del>I give</del> <ins>still be empty. You will store</ins> up <ins>but save nothing, because what you save I will give</ins> to the sword.</p><p><b>[Micah 6:15]</b> <del>Thou shalt sow,</del> <ins>You will plant</ins> but <del>thou shalt</del> not <del>reap; thou shalt tread the olives,</del> <ins>harvest; you will press olives</ins> but <del>thou shalt</del> not <del>anoint thee with oil; and sweet wine,</del> <ins>use the oil on yourselves, you will crush grapes</ins> but <del>shalt</del> not drink <ins>the</ins> wine.</p><p><b>[Micah 6:16]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>You have observed</ins> the statutes of Omri <del>are kept,</del> and all the <del>works</del> <ins>practices</ins> of <del>the house of Ahab,</del> <ins>Ahab's house,</ins> and <del>ye walk in</del> <ins>you have followed</ins> their <del>counsels; that</del> <ins>traditions. Therefore</ins> I <del>should make thee a desolation,</del> <ins>will give you over to ruin</ins> and <del>the inhabitants thereof an hissing: therefore ye shall</del> <ins>your people to derision; you will</ins> bear the <del>reproach</del> <ins>scorn</ins> of <del>my people.</del> <ins>the nations. "</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 7:1]</b> <del>Woe</del> <ins>What misery</ins> is <del>me! for</del> <ins>mine!</ins> I am <del>as when they have gathered the</del> <ins>like one who gathers</ins> summer <del>fruits, as</del> <ins>fruit at</ins> the <del>grapegleanings</del> <ins>gleaning</ins> of the <del>vintage:</del> <ins>vineyard;</ins> there is no cluster <ins>of grapes</ins> to <del>eat: my soul desired</del> <ins>eat, none of</ins> the <del>firstripe fruit.</del> <ins>early figs that I crave.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 7:2]</b> The <del>good man is perished out of</del> <ins>godly have been swept from</ins> the <del>earth: and there is none</del> <ins>land; not one</ins> upright <del>among men: they all</del> <ins>man remains. All men</ins> lie in wait <del>for</del> <ins>to shed</ins> blood; <del>they hunt every man</del> <ins>each hunts</ins> his brother with a net.</p><p><b>[Micah 7:3]</b> <del>That they may do evil with both</del> <ins>Both</ins> hands <del>earnestly,</del> <ins>are skilled in doing evil;</ins> the <del>prince asketh, and</del> <ins>ruler demands gifts,</ins> the judge <del>asketh for a reward; and</del> <ins>accepts bribes,</ins> the <del>great man, he uttereth his mischievous desire: so</del> <ins>powerful dictate what</ins> they <del>wrap it up.</del> <ins>desire- they all conspire together.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 7:4]</b> The best of them is <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> a <del>brier:</del> <ins>brier,</ins> the most upright <del>is sharper</del> <ins>worse</ins> than a thorn <del>hedge: the</del> <ins>hedge. The</ins> day of <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> watchmen <del>and thy visitation cometh; now shall be</del> <ins>has come, the day God visits you. Now is the time of</ins> their <del>perplexity.</del> <ins>confusion.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 7:5]</b> <del>Trust ye</del> <ins>Do</ins> not <del>in</del> <ins>trust</ins> a <del>friend,</del> <ins>neighbor;</ins> put <del>ye not</del> <ins>no</ins> confidence in a <del>guide: keep the doors of thy mouth from</del> <ins>friend. Even with</ins> her <del>that lieth</del> <ins>who lies</ins> in <del>thy bosom.</del> <ins>your embrace be careful of your words.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 7:6]</b> For <del>the</del> <ins>a</ins> son <del>dishonoureth the</del> <ins>dishonors his</ins> father, <del>the</del> <ins>a</ins> daughter <del>riseth</del> <ins>rises</ins> up against her mother, <del>the daughter in law</del> <ins>a daughter-in-law</ins> against her <del>mother in law;</del> <ins>mother-in-law-</ins> a man's enemies are the <del>men</del> <ins>members</ins> of his own <del>house.</del> <ins>household.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 7:7]</b> <del>Therefore</del> <ins>But as for me,</ins> I <del>will look unto the LORD; I will wait</del> <ins>watch in hope</ins> for the <ins>LORD, I wait for</ins> God <del>of</del> my <del>salvation:</del> <ins>Savior;</ins> my God will hear me.</p><p><b>[Micah 7:8]</b> <del>Rejoice</del> <ins>Do</ins> not <del>against</del> <ins>gloat over</ins> me, <del>O mine enemy: when</del> <ins>my enemy! Though</ins> I <del>fall,</del> <ins>have fallen,</ins> I <del>shall arise; when</del> <ins>will rise. Though</ins> I sit in darkness, the LORD <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be <del>a light unto me.</del> <ins>my light.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 7:9]</b> <del>I will bear the indignation of the LORD, because</del> <ins>Because</ins> I have sinned against him, <ins>I will bear the LORD's wrath,</ins> until he <del>plead</del> <ins>pleads</ins> my <del>cause,</del> <ins>case</ins> and <del>execute judgment for me: he</del> <ins>establishes my right. He</ins> will bring me <del>forth to</del> <ins>out into</ins> the <del>light, and</del> <ins>light;</ins> I <del>shall behold</del> <ins>will see</ins> his righteousness.</p><p><b>[Micah 7:10]</b> Then <del>she that is mine</del> <ins>my</ins> enemy <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> see <del>it,</del> <ins>it</ins> and <del>shame shall cover her which</del> <ins>will be covered with shame, she who</ins> said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me, <del>Where</del> <ins>"Where</ins> is the LORD <del>thy God? mine</del> <ins>your God?" My</ins> eyes <del>shall behold her:</del> <ins>will see her downfall; even</ins> now <del>shall</del> she <ins>will</ins> be <del>trodden down as the</del> <ins>trampled underfoot like</ins> mire <del>of</del> <ins>in</ins> the streets.</p><p><b>[Micah 7:11]</b> <del>In</del> <ins>The day for building your walls will come,</ins> the day <del>that thy walls are to be built, in that day shall the decree be far removed.</del> <ins>for extending your boundaries.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 7:12]</b> In that day <del>also he shall</del> <ins>people will</ins> come <del>even</del> to <del>thee</del> <ins>you</ins> from <del>Assyria,</del> <ins>Assyria</ins> and <del>from</del> the <del>fortified cities, and from the fortress</del> <ins>cities of Egypt,</ins> even <ins>from Egypt</ins> to the <del>river,</del> <ins>Euphrates</ins> and from sea to <del>sea,</del> <ins>sea</ins> and from mountain to mountain.</p><p><b>[Micah 7:13]</b> <del>Notwithstanding the land shall be</del> <ins>The earth will become</ins> desolate because of <del>them that dwell therein, for</del> <ins>its inhabitants, as</ins> the <del>fruit</del> <ins>result</ins> of their <del>doings.</del> <ins>deeds.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 7:14]</b> <del>Feed thy</del> <ins>Shepherd your</ins> people with <del>thy rod,</del> <ins>your staff,</ins> the flock of <del>thine heritage,</del> <ins>your inheritance,</ins> which <del>dwell solitarily</del> <ins>lives by itself</ins> in <del>the wood,</del> <ins>a forest,</ins> in <del>the midst of Carmel: let</del> <ins>fertile pasturelands. Let</ins> them feed in Bashan and <del>Gilead,</del> <ins>Gilead</ins> as in <del>the</del> days <del>of old.</del> <ins>long ago.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 7:15]</b> <del>According to</del> <ins>"As in</ins> the days <del>of thy coming</del> <ins>when you came</ins> out of <del>the land of Egypt will</del> <ins>Egypt,</ins> I <del>shew unto him marvellous things.</del> <ins>will show them my wonders."</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 7:16]</b> <del>The nations shall</del> <ins>Nations will</ins> see and be <del>confounded at</del> <ins>ashamed, deprived of</ins> all their <del>might: they shall</del> <ins>power. They will</ins> lay their <del>hand upon</del> <ins>hands on</ins> their <del>mouth,</del> <ins>mouths and</ins> their ears <del>shall be</del> <ins>will become</ins> deaf.</p><p><b>[Micah 7:17]</b> They <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> lick <del>the</del> dust like a <del>serpent, they shall move</del> <ins>snake, like creatures that crawl on the ground. They will come trembling</ins> out of their <del>holes like worms of the earth:</del> <ins>dens;</ins> they <del>shall be afraid of</del> <ins>will turn in fear to</ins> the LORD our <del>God,</del> <ins>God</ins> and <del>shall fear because</del> <ins>will be afraid</ins> of <del>thee.</del> <ins>you.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 7:18]</b> Who is a God like <del>unto thee, that pardoneth iniquity,</del> <ins>you, who pardons sin</ins> and <del>passeth by</del> <ins>forgives</ins> the transgression of the remnant of his <del>heritage? he retaineth</del> <ins>inheritance? You do</ins> not <del>his anger for ever, because he delighteth in</del> <ins>stay angry forever but delight to show</ins> mercy.</p><p><b>[Micah 7:19]</b> <del>He</del> <ins>You</ins> will <del>turn again, he will</del> <ins>again</ins> have compassion <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> us; <del>he</del> <ins>you</ins> will <del>subdue</del> <ins>tread</ins> our <del>iniquities; and thou wilt cast all their</del> sins <ins>underfoot and hurl all our iniquities</ins> into the depths of the sea.</p><p><b>[Micah 7:20]</b> <del>Thou wilt perform the truth</del> <ins>You will be true</ins> to Jacob, and <del>the</del> <ins>show</ins> mercy to Abraham, <del>which thou hast sworn unto</del> <ins>as you pledged on oath to</ins> our fathers <del>from the</del> <ins>in</ins> days <del>of old.</del> <ins>long ago.</ins></p>