<p><b>[Nahum 1:1]</b> <del>The burden of</del> <ins>An oracle concerning</ins> Nineveh. The book of the vision of Nahum the Elkoshite.</p><p><b>[Nahum 1:2]</b> <del>God</del> <ins>The LORD</ins> is <del>jealous,</del> <ins>a jealous</ins> and <ins>avenging God;</ins> the LORD <del>revengeth; the LORD revengeth,</del> <ins>takes vengeance</ins> and is <del>furious; the</del> <ins>filled with wrath. The</ins> LORD <del>will take</del> <ins>takes</ins> vengeance on his <del>adversaries,</del> <ins>foes</ins> and <del>he reserveth</del> <ins>maintains his</ins> wrath <del>for</del> <ins>against</ins> his enemies.</p><p><b>[Nahum 1:3]</b> The LORD is slow to <del>anger,</del> <ins>anger</ins> and great in <del>power, and will not at all acquit the wicked:</del> <ins>power;</ins> the LORD <del>hath his</del> <ins>will not leave the guilty unpunished. His</ins> way <ins>is</ins> in the whirlwind and <del>in</del> the storm, and <del>the</del> clouds are the dust of his feet.</p><p><b>[Nahum 1:4]</b> He <del>rebuketh</del> <ins>rebukes</ins> the <del>sea,</del> <ins>sea</ins> and <del>maketh</del> <ins>dries</ins> it <del>dry, and drieth up</del> <ins>up; he makes</ins> all the <del>rivers:</del> <ins>rivers run dry.</ins> Bashan <del>languisheth,</del> and <del>Carmel,</del> <ins>Carmel wither</ins> and the <del>flower</del> <ins>blossoms</ins> of Lebanon <del>languisheth.</del> <ins>fade.</ins></p><p><b>[Nahum 1:5]</b> The mountains quake <del>at him,</del> <ins>before him</ins> and the hills <del>melt, and the</del> <ins>melt away. The</ins> earth <del>is burned</del> <ins>trembles</ins> at his presence, <del>yea,</del> the <del>world,</del> <ins>world</ins> and all <del>that dwell therein.</del> <ins>who live in it.</ins></p><p><b>[Nahum 1:6]</b> Who can <del>stand before</del> <ins>withstand</ins> his indignation? <del>and who</del> <ins>Who</ins> can <del>abide in the fierceness of</del> <ins>endure</ins> his <ins>fierce</ins> anger? <del>his fury</del> <ins>His wrath</ins> is poured out like <del>fire, and</del> <ins>fire;</ins> the rocks are <del>thrown down by</del> <ins>shattered before</ins> him.</p><p><b>[Nahum 1:7]</b> The LORD is good, a <del>strong hold</del> <ins>refuge</ins> in <del>the day</del> <ins>times</ins> of <del>trouble; and he knoweth them that</del> <ins>trouble. He cares for those who</ins> trust in <del>him.</del> <ins>him,</ins></p><p><b>[Nahum 1:8]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>but</ins> with an <del>overrunning</del> <ins>overwhelming</ins> flood he will make an <del>utter</del> end of <del>the place thereof, and darkness shall</del> <ins>Nineveh; he will</ins> pursue his <del>enemies.</del> <ins>foes into darkness.</ins></p><p><b>[Nahum 1:9]</b> <del>What do ye imagine</del> <ins>Whatever they plot</ins> against the <del>LORD?</del> <ins>LORD</ins> he will <del>make</del> <ins>bring to</ins> an <del>utter end: affliction shall</del> <ins>end; trouble will</ins> not <del>rise up the</del> <ins>come a</ins> second time.</p><p><b>[Nahum 1:10]</b> <del>For while they</del> <ins>They will</ins> be <del>folden together as thorns,</del> <ins>entangled among thorns</ins> and <del>while</del> <ins>drunk from their wine;</ins> they <del>are drunken as drunkards, they shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be <del>devoured as stubble fully dry.</del> <ins>consumed like dry stubble.</ins></p><p><b>[Nahum 1:11]</b> <del>There is</del> <ins>From you, O Nineveh, has</ins> one come <del>out of thee, that imagineth</del> <ins>forth who plots</ins> evil against the <del>LORD, a wicked counsellor.</del> <ins>LORD and counsels wickedness.</ins></p><p><b>[Nahum 1:12]</b> <del>Thus saith</del> <ins>This is what</ins> the <del>LORD; Though</del> <ins>LORD says: "Although</ins> they <del>be quiet,</del> <ins>have allies</ins> and <del>likewise many, yet thus shall</del> <ins>are numerous,</ins> they <ins>will</ins> be cut <del>down, when he shall</del> <ins>off and</ins> pass <del>through. Though</del> <ins>away. Although</ins> I have afflicted <del>thee,</del> <ins>you, O Judah,</ins> I will afflict <del>thee</del> <ins>you</ins> no more.</p><p><b>[Nahum 1:13]</b> <del>For now will</del> <ins>Now</ins> I <ins>will</ins> break <del>his</del> <ins>their</ins> yoke from <del>off thee,</del> <ins>your neck</ins> and <del>will burst thy bonds in sunder.</del> <ins>tear your shackles away."</ins></p><p><b>[Nahum 1:14]</b> <del>And the</del> <ins>The</ins> LORD <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> given a <del>commandment</del> <ins>command</ins> concerning <del>thee, that no more of thy name be sown: out of the house of thy gods</del> <ins>you, Nineveh: "You</ins> will <del>I cut off the graven image and the molten image:</del> <ins>have no descendants to bear your name.</ins> I will <del>make thy grave;</del> <ins>destroy the carved images and cast idols that are in the temple of your gods. I will prepare your grave,</ins> for <del>thou art vile.</del> <ins>you are vile."</ins></p><p><b>[Nahum 1:15]</b> <del>Behold upon</del> <ins>Look, there on</ins> the <del>mountains</del> <ins>mountains,</ins> the feet of <del>him that bringeth</del> <ins>one who brings</ins> good <del>tidings, that publisheth</del> <ins>news, who proclaims</ins> peace! <ins>Celebrate your festivals,</ins> O Judah, <del>keep thy solemn feasts, perform thy vows: for</del> <ins>and fulfill your vows. No more will</ins> the wicked <del>shall no more pass through thee; he is utterly cut off.</del> <ins>invade you; they will be completely destroyed.</ins></p><p><b>[Nahum 2:1]</b> <del>He that dasheth in pieces is come up before thy face: keep</del> <ins>An attacker advances against you, Nineveh. Guard</ins> the <del>munition,</del> <ins>fortress,</ins> watch the <del>way, make thy loins strong, fortify thy power mightily.</del> <ins>road, brace yourselves, marshal all your strength!</ins></p><p><b>[Nahum 2:2]</b> <del>For the</del> <ins>The</ins> LORD <del>hath turned away</del> <ins>will restore</ins> the <del>excellency</del> <ins>splendor</ins> of <del>Jacob, as</del> <ins>Jacob like</ins> the <del>excellency</del> <ins>splendor</ins> of <del>Israel: for the emptiers</del> <ins>Israel, though destroyers</ins> have <del>emptied</del> <ins>laid</ins> them <del>out,</del> <ins>waste</ins> and <del>marred</del> <ins>have ruined</ins> their <del>vine branches.</del> <ins>vines.</ins></p><p><b>[Nahum 2:3]</b> The <del>shield</del> <ins>shields</ins> of his <del>mighty men is made red, the valiant men</del> <ins>soldiers</ins> are <ins>red; the warriors are clad</ins> in <del>scarlet:</del> <ins>scarlet. The metal on</ins> the chariots <del>shall be with flaming torches in</del> <ins>flashes on</ins> the day <del>of his preparation, and</del> <ins>they are made ready;</ins> the <del>fir trees shall be terribly shaken.</del> <ins>spears of pine are brandished.</ins></p><p><b>[Nahum 2:4]</b> The chariots <del>shall rage in</del> <ins>storm through</ins> the streets, <del>they shall justle one against another in</del> <ins>rushing back and forth through</ins> the <del>broad ways: they shall seem</del> <ins>squares. They look</ins> like <del>torches,</del> <ins>flaming torches;</ins> they <del>shall run</del> <ins>dart about</ins> like <del>the lightnings.</del> <ins>lightning.</ins></p><p><b>[Nahum 2:5]</b> He <del>shall recount</del> <ins>summons</ins> his <del>worthies:</del> <ins>picked troops, yet</ins> they <del>shall</del> stumble <del>in</del> <ins>on</ins> their <del>walk; they shall make haste</del> <ins>way. They dash</ins> to the <del>wall thereof, and</del> <ins>city wall;</ins> the <del>defence shall be prepared.</del> <ins>protective shield is put in place.</ins></p><p><b>[Nahum 2:6]</b> The <ins>river</ins> gates <del>of the rivers shall be opened,</del> <ins>are thrown open</ins> and the palace <del>shall be dissolved.</del> <ins>collapses.</ins></p><p><b>[Nahum 2:7]</b> <del>And Huzzab shall be led away captive, she shall be brought up, and her maids shall lead her as with</del> <ins>It is decreed that</ins> the <del>voice of doves, tabering</del> <ins>city be exiled and carried away. Its slave girls moan like doves and beat</ins> upon their breasts.</p><p><b>[Nahum 2:8]</b> <del>But</del> Nineveh is <del>of old</del> like a <del>pool of water: yet they shall flee</del> <ins>pool, and its water is draining</ins> away. <del>Stand, stand, shall</del> <ins>"Stop! Stop!"</ins> they <del>cry;</del> <ins>cry,</ins> but <del>none shall look</del> <ins>no one turns</ins> back.</p><p><b>[Nahum 2:9]</b> <del>Take ye</del> <ins>Plunder</ins> the <del>spoil of silver, take</del> <ins>silver! Plunder</ins> the <del>spoil of gold: for there</del> <ins>gold! The supply</ins> is <del>none end of</del> <ins>endless,</ins> the <del>store and glory out of</del> <ins>wealth from</ins> all <del>the pleasant furniture.</del> <ins>its treasures!</ins></p><p><b>[Nahum 2:10]</b> She is <del>empty, and void, and waste: and the heart melteth, and the</del> <ins>pillaged, plundered, stripped! Hearts melt,</ins> knees <del>smite together, and much pain is in all loins, and the faces of them all gather blackness.</del> <ins>give way, bodies tremble, every face grows pale.</ins></p><p><b>[Nahum 2:11]</b> Where <ins>now</ins> is the <del>dwelling of</del> <ins>lions' den,</ins> the <del>lions, and the feedingplace of the young lions,</del> <ins>place where they fed their young,</ins> where the <del>lion, even the old lion, walked,</del> <ins>lion and lioness went,</ins> and the <del>lion's whelp, and none made them afraid?</del> <ins>cubs, with nothing to fear?</ins></p><p><b>[Nahum 2:12]</b> The lion <del>did tear in pieces</del> <ins>killed</ins> enough for his <del>whelps,</del> <ins>cubs</ins> and strangled <ins>the prey</ins> for his <del>lionesses, and filled</del> <ins>mate, filling</ins> his <del>holes</del> <ins>lairs</ins> with <del>prey,</del> <ins>the kill</ins> and his dens with <del>ravin.</del> <ins>the prey.</ins></p><p><b>[Nahum 2:13]</b> <del>Behold, I</del> <ins>"I</ins> am against <del>thee, saith</del> <ins>you," declares</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts, and I</del> <ins>Almighty. "I</ins> will burn <del>her</del> <ins>up your</ins> chariots in <del>the</del> smoke, and the sword <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> devour <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> young <del>lions: and</del> <ins>lions.</ins> I will <del>cut off thy prey from the earth, and the voice of thy messengers shall</del> <ins>leave you</ins> no <del>more</del> <ins>prey on the earth. The voices of your messengers will no longer</ins> be <del>heard.</del> <ins>heard."</ins></p><p><b>[Nahum 3:1]</b> Woe to the <del>bloody city! it is all</del> <ins>city of blood,</ins> full of <del>lies and robbery; the prey departeth not;</del> <ins>lies, full of plunder, never without victims!</ins></p><p><b>[Nahum 3:2]</b> The <del>noise</del> <ins>crack</ins> of <del>a whip, and</del> <ins>whips,</ins> the <del>noise</del> <ins>clatter</ins> of <del>the rattling of the</del> wheels, <ins>galloping horses</ins> and <del>of the pransing horses, and of the jumping chariots.</del> <ins>jolting chariots!</ins></p><p><b>[Nahum 3:3]</b> <del>The horseman lifteth up both the bright sword</del> <ins>Charging cavalry, flashing swords</ins> and <del>the</del> glittering <del>spear: and there is a multitude</del> <ins>spears! Many casualties, piles</ins> of <del>slain, and a great number of carcases; and there is none end of their corpses; they stumble upon their corpses:</del> <ins>dead, bodies without number, people stumbling over the corpses-</ins></p><p><b>[Nahum 3:4]</b> <del>Because</del> <ins>all because</ins> of the <del>multitude</del> <ins>wanton lust</ins> of <del>the whoredoms of the wellfavoured</del> <ins>a</ins> harlot, <ins>alluring,</ins> the mistress of <del>witchcrafts, that selleth</del> <ins>sorceries, who enslaved</ins> nations <del>through</del> <ins>by</ins> her <del>whoredoms,</del> <ins>prostitution</ins> and <del>families through</del> <ins>peoples by</ins> her <del>witchcrafts.</del> <ins>witchcraft.</ins></p><p><b>[Nahum 3:5]</b> <del>Behold, I</del> <ins>"I</ins> am against <del>thee, saith</del> <ins>you," declares</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts; and</del> <ins>Almighty. "I will lift your skirts over your face.</ins> I will <del>discover thy skirts upon thy face, and I will shew</del> <ins>show</ins> the nations <del>thy nakedness,</del> <ins>your nakedness</ins> and the kingdoms <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> shame.</p><p><b>[Nahum 3:6]</b> <del>And</del> I will <del>cast abominable filth upon thee,</del> <ins>pelt you with filth, I will treat you with contempt</ins> and make <del>thee vile, and will set thee as</del> <ins>you</ins> a <del>gazingstock.</del> <ins>spectacle.</ins></p><p><b>[Nahum 3:7]</b> <del>And it shall come to pass, that all they that look upon thee shall</del> <ins>All who see you will</ins> flee from <del>thee,</del> <ins>you</ins> and say, <del>Nineveh</del> <ins>'Nineveh</ins> is <del>laid waste: who</del> <ins>in ruins-who</ins> will <del>bemoan her? whence shall I seek comforters</del> <ins>mourn</ins> for <del>thee?</del> <ins>her?' Where can I find anyone to comfort you?"</ins></p><p><b>[Nahum 3:8]</b> <del>Art thou</del> <ins>Are you</ins> better than <del>populous No, that was situate among</del> <ins>Thebes, situated on</ins> the <del>rivers, that had</del> <ins>Nile, with water around her? The river was her defense,</ins> the waters <del>round about it, whose rampart was the sea, and</del> her <del>wall was from the sea?</del> <ins>wall.</ins></p><p><b>[Nahum 3:9]</b> <del>Ethiopia</del> <ins>Cush</ins> and Egypt were her <del>strength, and it was infinite;</del> <ins>boundless strength;</ins> Put and <del>Lubim</del> <ins>Libya</ins> were <del>thy helpers.</del> <ins>among her allies.</ins></p><p><b>[Nahum 3:10]</b> Yet <del>was</del> she <del>carried away, she</del> <ins>was taken captive and</ins> went into <del>captivity: her young children also</del> <ins>exile. Her infants</ins> were dashed <del>in</del> <ins>to</ins> pieces at the <del>top</del> <ins>head</ins> of <del>all the streets: and they</del> <ins>every street. Lots were</ins> cast <del>lots</del> for her <del>honourable men,</del> <ins>nobles,</ins> and all her great men were <del>bound</del> <ins>put</ins> in chains.</p><p><b>[Nahum 3:11]</b> <del>Thou also shalt be drunken: thou shalt be hid, thou also shalt</del> <ins>You too will become drunk; you will go into hiding and</ins> seek <del>strength because of</del> <ins>refuge from</ins> the enemy.</p><p><b>[Nahum 3:12]</b> All <del>thy strong holds shall be</del> <ins>your fortresses are</ins> like fig trees with <del>the firstripe figs: if</del> <ins>their first ripe fruit; when</ins> they <del>be</del> <ins>are</ins> shaken, <del>they shall even</del> <ins>the figs</ins> fall into the mouth of the eater.</p><p><b>[Nahum 3:13]</b> <del>Behold, thy people in the midst of thee</del> <ins>Look at your troops- they</ins> are <del>women: the</del> <ins>all women! The</ins> gates of <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> land <del>shall be set</del> <ins>are</ins> wide open <del>unto thine enemies: the</del> <ins>to your enemies;</ins> fire <del>shall devour thy</del> <ins>has consumed their</ins> bars.</p><p><b>[Nahum 3:14]</b> Draw <del>thee waters</del> <ins>water</ins> for the siege, <del>fortify thy strong holds: go into</del> <ins>strengthen your defenses! Work the</ins> clay, <del>and</del> tread the <del>morter, make strong</del> <ins>mortar, repair</ins> the <del>brickkiln.</del> <ins>brickwork!</ins></p><p><b>[Nahum 3:15]</b> There <del>shall</del> the fire <ins>will</ins> devour <del>thee;</del> <ins>you;</ins> the sword <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> cut <del>thee off, it shall eat thee up</del> <ins>you down and,</ins> like <del>the cankerworm: make thyself many as the cankerworm, make thyself many as the locusts.</del> <ins>grasshoppers, consume you. Multiply like grasshoppers, multiply like locusts!</ins></p><p><b>[Nahum 3:16]</b> <del>Thou hast multiplied thy</del> <ins>You have increased the number of your</ins> merchants <del>above</del> <ins>till they are more than</ins> the stars of <del>heaven:</del> the <del>cankerworm spoileth,</del> <ins>sky, but like locusts they strip the land</ins> and <del>fleeth</del> <ins>then fly</ins> away.</p><p><b>[Nahum 3:17]</b> <del>Thy crowned</del> <ins>Your guards</ins> are <del>as the</del> <ins>like</ins> locusts, <del>and thy captains as the great grasshoppers, which camp</del> <ins>your officials like swarms of locusts that settle</ins> in the <del>hedges in the</del> <ins>walls on a</ins> cold <del>day,</del> <ins>day-</ins> but when the sun <del>ariseth</del> <ins>appears</ins> they <del>flee</del> <ins>fly</ins> away, and <del>their place is not known where they are.</del> <ins>no one knows where.</ins></p><p><b>[Nahum 3:18]</b> <del>Thy shepherds slumber,</del> O king of <del>Assyria: thy</del> <ins>Assyria, your shepherds slumber; your</ins> nobles <del>shall dwell in the dust: thy</del> <ins>lie down to rest. Your</ins> people <del>is</del> <ins>are</ins> scattered <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> the <del>mountains, and</del> <ins>mountains with</ins> no <del>man gathereth</del> <ins>one to gather</ins> them.</p><p><b>[Nahum 3:19]</b> <del>There</del> <ins>Nothing can heal your wound; your injury</ins> is <del>no healing of thy bruise; thy wound is grievous: all that hear</del> <ins>fatal. Everyone who hears</ins> the <del>bruit of thee shall clap the</del> <ins>news about you claps his</ins> hands <del>over thee:</del> <ins>at your fall,</ins> for <del>upon whom hath</del> <ins>who has</ins> not <del>thy wickedness passed continually?</del> <ins>felt your endless cruelty?</ins></p>