<p><b>[Philemon 1:1]</b> Paul, a prisoner of <del>Jesus Christ,</del> <ins>Christ Jesus,</ins> and Timothy our brother, <del>unto Philemon our dearly beloved, and fellowlabourer,</del></p><p><b>[Philemon 1:2]</b> <del>And to</del> <ins>To Philemon</ins> our <del>beloved Apphia,</del> <ins>dear friend</ins> and <ins>fellow worker, to Apphia our sister, to</ins> Archippus our <del>fellowsoldier,</del> <ins>fellow soldier</ins> and to the church <ins>that meets</ins> in <del>thy house:</del> <ins>your home:</ins></p><p><b>[Philemon 1:3]</b> Grace to <del>you,</del> <ins>you</ins> and <del>peace,</del> <ins>peace</ins> from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.</p><p><b>[Philemon 1:4]</b> I <ins>always</ins> thank my <del>God, making mention of thee always</del> <ins>God as I remember you</ins> in my prayers,</p><p><b>[Philemon 1:5]</b> <del>Hearing of thy love and faith, which thou hast toward</del> <ins>because I hear about your faith in</ins> the Lord <del>Jesus,</del> <ins>Jesus</ins> and <del>toward</del> <ins>your love for</ins> all <del>saints;</del> <ins>the saints.</ins></p><p><b>[Philemon 1:6]</b> <del>That the communication of thy faith</del> <ins>I pray that you</ins> may <del>become effectual by the acknowledging</del> <ins>be active in sharing your faith, so that you will have a full understanding</ins> of every good thing <del>which is</del> <ins>we have</ins> in <del>you in Christ Jesus.</del> <ins>Christ.</ins></p><p><b>[Philemon 1:7]</b> <del>For we have</del> <ins>Your love has given me</ins> great joy and <del>consolation in thy love,</del> <ins>encouragement,</ins> because <ins>you, brother, have refreshed</ins> the <del>bowels</del> <ins>hearts</ins> of the <del>saints are refreshed by thee, brother.</del> <ins>saints.</ins></p><p><b>[Philemon 1:8]</b> <del>Wherefore, though I might be much bold</del> <ins>Therefore, although</ins> in Christ <ins>I could be bold and order you</ins> to <del>enjoin thee that which is convenient,</del> <ins>do what you ought to do,</ins></p><p><b>[Philemon 1:9]</b> <del>Yet for love's sake</del> <ins>yet</ins> I <del>rather beseech thee, being such an one as Paul</del> <ins>appeal to you on</ins> the <del>aged,</del> <ins>basis of love. I then, as Paul--an old man</ins> and now also a prisoner of <del>Jesus Christ.</del> <ins>Christ Jesus--</ins></p><p><b>[Philemon 1:10]</b> I <del>beseech thee</del> <ins>appeal to you</ins> for my son Onesimus, <del>whom I have begotten in</del> <ins>who became</ins> my <del>bonds:</del> <ins>son while I was in chains.</ins></p><p><b>[Philemon 1:11]</b> <del>Which in time past</del> <ins>Formerly he</ins> was <ins>useless</ins> to <del>thee unprofitable,</del> <ins>you,</ins> but now <del>profitable</del> <ins>he has become useful both</ins> to <del>thee</del> <ins>you</ins> and to <del>me:</del> <ins>me.</ins></p><p><b>[Philemon 1:12]</b> <del>Whom</del> I <del>have sent again: thou therefore receive him, that is, mine own bowels:</del> <ins>am sending him--who is my very heart--back to you.</ins></p><p><b>[Philemon 1:13]</b> <del>Whom</del> I would have <del>retained</del> <ins>liked to keep him</ins> with <del>me, that in thy stead he might have ministered unto</del> me <ins>so that he could take your place</ins> in <ins>helping me while I am in chains for</ins> the <del>bonds of the gospel:</del> <ins>gospel.</ins></p><p><b>[Philemon 1:14]</b> But <del>without thy mind would</del> I <del>do nothing; that thy benefit should</del> <ins>did</ins> not <ins>want to do anything without your consent, so that any favor you do will</ins> be <del>as it were of necessity, but willingly.</del> <ins>spontaneous and not forced.</ins></p><p><b>[Philemon 1:15]</b> <del>For perhaps</del> <ins>Perhaps the reason</ins> he <del>therefore departed</del> <ins>was separated from you</ins> for a <del>season,</del> <ins>little while was</ins> that <del>thou shouldest receive</del> <ins>you might have</ins> him <ins>back</ins> for <del>ever;</del> <ins>good--</ins></p><p><b>[Philemon 1:16]</b> <del>Not now</del> <ins>no longer</ins> as a <del>servant,</del> <ins>slave,</ins> but <del>above</del> <ins>better than</ins> a <del>servant,</del> <ins>slave, as a dear brother. He is very dear to me but even dearer to you, both as a man and as</ins> a brother <del>beloved, specially to me, but how much more unto thee, both</del> in the <del>flesh, and in the Lord?</del> <ins>Lord.</ins></p><p><b>[Philemon 1:17]</b> <del>If thou count</del> <ins>So if you consider</ins> me <del>therefore</del> a partner, <del>receive</del> <ins>welcome</ins> him as <del>myself.</del> <ins>you would welcome me.</ins></p><p><b>[Philemon 1:18]</b> If he <del>hath wronged thee,</del> <ins>has done you any wrong</ins> or <del>oweth thee ought, put that on mine account;</del> <ins>owes you anything, charge it to me.</ins></p><p><b>[Philemon 1:19]</b> <del>I Paul have written it</del> <ins>I, Paul, am writing this</ins> with <del>mine</del> <ins>my</ins> own <del>hand,</del> <ins>hand.</ins> I will <del>repay it: albeit I do not say</del> <ins>pay it back--not</ins> to <del>thee how thou owest unto</del> <ins>mention that you owe</ins> me <del>even thine own self besides.</del> <ins>your very self.</ins></p><p><b>[Philemon 1:20]</b> <del>Yea,</del> <ins>I do wish,</ins> brother, <del>let me</del> <ins>that I may</ins> have <del>joy of thee</del> <ins>some benefit from you</ins> in the <del>Lord:</del> <ins>Lord;</ins> refresh my <del>bowels</del> <ins>heart</ins> in <del>the Lord.</del> <ins>Christ.</ins></p><p><b>[Philemon 1:21]</b> <del>Having confidence in thy obedience</del> <ins>Confident of your obedience,</ins> I <del>wrote unto thee,</del> <ins>write to you,</ins> knowing that <del>thou wilt also</del> <ins>you will</ins> do <ins>even</ins> more than I <del>say.</del> <ins>ask.</ins></p><p><b>[Philemon 1:22]</b> <del>But withal prepare me also</del> <ins>And one thing more: Prepare</ins> a <del>lodging:</del> <ins>guest room</ins> for <ins>me, because</ins> I <del>trust that through your prayers I shall</del> <ins>hope to</ins> be <del>given unto you.</del> <ins>restored to you in answer to your prayers.</ins></p><p><b>[Philemon 1:23]</b> <del>There salute thee</del> Epaphras, my <del>fellowprisoner</del> <ins>fellow prisoner</ins> in Christ <del>Jesus;</del> <ins>Jesus, sends you greetings.</ins></p><p><b>[Philemon 1:24]</b> <del>Marcus,</del> <ins>And so do Mark,</ins> Aristarchus, <del>Demas, Lucas,</del> <ins>Demas and Luke,</ins> my <del>fellowlabourers.</del> <ins>fellow workers.</ins></p><p><b>[Philemon 1:25]</b> The grace of <del>our</del> <ins>the</ins> Lord Jesus Christ be with your spirit. <del>Amen.</del></p>