<p><b>[Philippians 1:1]</b> Paul and <del>Timotheus, the</del> <ins>Timothy,</ins> servants of <del>Jesus Christ, to</del> <ins>Christ Jesus, To</ins> all the saints in Christ Jesus <del>which are</del> at Philippi, <ins>together</ins> with the <del>bishops</del> <ins>overseers</ins> and deacons:</p><p><b>[Philippians 1:2]</b> Grace <del>be unto you,</del> and <del>peace,</del> <ins>peace to you</ins> from God our <del>Father,</del> <ins>Father</ins> and <del>from</del> the Lord Jesus Christ.</p><p><b>[Philippians 1:3]</b> I thank my God <del>upon</del> every <del>remembrance of you,</del> <ins>time I remember you.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 1:4]</b> <del>Always in every prayer of mine for you</del> <ins>In</ins> all <del>making request</del> <ins>my prayers for all of you, I always pray</ins> with <del>joy,</del> <ins>joy</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 1:5]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>because of</ins> your <del>fellowship</del> <ins>partnership</ins> in the gospel from the first day until <del>now;</del> <ins>now,</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 1:6]</b> <del>Being</del> <ins>being</ins> confident of <del>this very thing,</del> <ins>this,</ins> that he <del>which hath begun</del> <ins>who began</ins> a good work in you will <del>perform</del> <ins>carry</ins> it <ins>on to completion</ins> until the day of <del>Jesus Christ:</del> <ins>Christ Jesus.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 1:7]</b> <del>Even as it</del> <ins>It</ins> is <del>meet</del> <ins>right</ins> for me to <del>think</del> <ins>feel</ins> this <ins>way about all</ins> of <del>you all, because</del> <ins>you, since</ins> I have you in my heart; <del>inasmuch as both</del> <ins>for whether I am</ins> in <del>my bonds,</del> <ins>chains or defending</ins> and <del>in the defence and confirmation of</del> <ins>confirming</ins> the gospel, <del>ye</del> all <del>are partakers</del> of <del>my grace.</del> <ins>you share in God's grace with me.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 1:8]</b> <del>For</del> God <del>is my record,</del> <ins>can testify</ins> how <del>greatly</del> I long <del>after you</del> <ins>for</ins> all <del>in the bowels</del> of <del>Jesus Christ.</del> <ins>you with the affection of Christ Jesus.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 1:9]</b> And this <del>I pray,</del> <ins>is my prayer:</ins> that your love may abound <del>yet</del> more and more in knowledge and <del>in all judgment;</del> <ins>depth of insight,</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 1:10]</b> <del>That ye may approve things</del> <ins>so</ins> that <del>are excellent; that ye</del> <ins>you</ins> may be <del>sincere</del> <ins>able to discern what is best</ins> and <del>without offence till</del> <ins>may be pure and blameless until</ins> the day of <del>Christ.</del> <ins>Christ,</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 1:11]</b> <del>Being</del> filled with the <del>fruits</del> <ins>fruit</ins> of <del>righteousness, which are by</del> <ins>righteousness that comes through</ins> Jesus <del>Christ, unto</del> <ins>Christ--to</ins> the glory and praise of God.</p><p><b>[Philippians 1:12]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>Now</ins> I <del>would ye should understand, brethren,</del> <ins>want you to know, brothers,</ins> that <del>the things which</del> <ins>what has</ins> happened <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me <del>have fallen out rather unto</del> <ins>has really served to advance</ins> the <del>furtherance of the gospel;</del> <ins>gospel.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 1:13]</b> <del>So that my bonds in Christ are manifest in all</del> <ins>As a result, it has become clear throughout</ins> the <del>palace,</del> <ins>whole palace guard</ins> and <ins>to everyone else that I am</ins> in <del>all other places;</del> <ins>chains for Christ.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 1:14]</b> <del>And many</del> <ins>Because of my chains, most</ins> of the <del>brethren</del> <ins>brothers</ins> in the <del>Lord, waxing confident by my bonds, are much more bold</del> <ins>Lord have been encouraged</ins> to speak the word <del>without fear.</del> <ins>of God more courageously and fearlessly.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 1:15]</b> <del>Some indeed</del> <ins>It is true that some</ins> preach Christ <del>even</del> <ins>out</ins> of envy and <del>strife; and some also</del> <ins>rivalry, but others out</ins> of <del>good will:</del> <ins>goodwill.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 1:16]</b> The <del>one preach Christ</del> <ins>latter do so in love, knowing that I am put here for the defense</ins> of <del>contention, not sincerely, supposing to add affliction to my bonds:</del> <ins>the gospel.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 1:17]</b> <del>But the other</del> <ins>The former preach Christ out</ins> of <del>love, knowing</del> <ins>selfish ambition, not sincerely, supposing</ins> that <ins>they can stir up trouble for me while</ins> I am <del>set for the defence of the gospel.</del> <ins>in chains.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 1:18]</b> <del>What then? notwithstanding,</del> <ins>But what does it matter? The important thing is that in</ins> every way, whether <del>in pretence,</del> <ins>from false motives</ins> or <del>in truth,</del> <ins>true,</ins> Christ is <del>preached; and</del> <ins>preached. And because of this</ins> I <del>therein do rejoice, yea, and will</del> rejoice.</p><p><b>[Philippians 1:19]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>Yes, and I will continue to rejoice, for</ins> I know that <del>this shall turn to my salvation</del> through your <del>prayer,</del> <ins>prayers</ins> and the <del>supply of</del> <ins>help given by</ins> the Spirit of Jesus Christ, <ins>what has happened to me will turn out for my deliverance.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 1:20]</b> <del>According to my earnest expectation and my hope, that in nothing</del> I <del>shall</del> <ins>eagerly expect and hope that I will in no way</ins> be ashamed, but <del>that with all boldness, as always,</del> <ins>will have sufficient courage</ins> so <ins>that</ins> now <del>also</del> <ins>as always</ins> Christ <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be <del>magnified</del> <ins>exalted</ins> in my body, whether <del>it be</del> by <del>life,</del> <ins>life</ins> or by death.</p><p><b>[Philippians 1:21]</b> For to <del>me</del> <ins>me,</ins> to live is <del>Christ,</del> <ins>Christ</ins> and to die is gain.</p><p><b>[Philippians 1:22]</b> <del>But if</del> <ins>If</ins> I <del>live</del> <ins>am to go on living</ins> in the <del>flesh,</del> <ins>body,</ins> this <del>is the fruit of my labour: yet</del> <ins>will mean fruitful labor for me. Yet</ins> what <del>I</del> shall <del>choose</del> I <del>wot not.</del> <ins>choose? I do not know!</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 1:23]</b> <del>For</del> I am <del>in a strait betwixt two, having a</del> <ins>torn between the two: I</ins> desire to <del>depart,</del> <ins>depart</ins> and <del>to</del> be with <del>Christ;</del> <ins>Christ,</ins> which is <del>far better:</del> <ins>better by far;</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 1:24]</b> <del>Nevertheless to abide in the flesh</del> <ins>but it</ins> is more <del>needful</del> <ins>necessary</ins> for <del>you.</del> <ins>you that I remain in the body.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 1:25]</b> <del>And having this confidence,</del> <ins>Convinced of this,</ins> I know that I <del>shall abide</del> <ins>will remain,</ins> and <ins>I will</ins> continue with <del>you</del> all <ins>of you</ins> for your <del>furtherance</del> <ins>progress</ins> and joy <del>of faith;</del> <ins>in the faith,</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 1:26]</b> <del>That your rejoicing may be more abundant in Jesus Christ for me by</del> <ins>so that through</ins> my <del>coming to</del> <ins>being with</ins> you <del>again.</del> <ins>again your joy in Christ Jesus will overflow on account of me.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 1:27]</b> <del>Only let your conversation be as it becometh</del> <ins>Whatever happens, conduct yourselves in a manner worthy of</ins> the gospel of <del>Christ: that</del> <ins>Christ. Then,</ins> whether I come and see <del>you,</del> <ins>you</ins> or <del>else be absent, I may</del> <ins>only</ins> hear <del>of your affairs,</del> <ins>about you in my absence, I will know</ins> that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> stand <del>fast</del> <ins>firm</ins> in one spirit, <del>with</del> <ins>contending as</ins> one <del>mind striving together</del> <ins>man</ins> for the faith of the <del>gospel;</del> <ins>gospel</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 1:28]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>without being frightened</ins> in <del>nothing terrified</del> <ins>any way</ins> by <del>your adversaries: which</del> <ins>those who oppose you. This</ins> is <ins>a sign</ins> to them <del>an evident token of perdition, but to you of salvation, and</del> that <del>of</del> <ins>they will be destroyed, but that you will be saved--and that by</ins> God.</p><p><b>[Philippians 1:29]</b> For <del>unto you</del> it <del>is given in the</del> <ins>has been granted to you on</ins> behalf of <del>Christ,</del> <ins>Christ</ins> not only to believe on him, but also to suffer for <del>his sake;</del> <ins>him,</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 1:30]</b> <del>Having</del> <ins>since you are going through</ins> the same <del>conflict which ye</del> <ins>struggle you</ins> saw <del>in me,</del> <ins>I had,</ins> and now hear <del>to be in me.</del> <ins>that I still have.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 2:1]</b> If <del>there be therefore</del> <ins>you have</ins> any <del>consolation in</del> <ins>encouragement from being united with</ins> Christ, if any comfort <del>of</del> <ins>from his</ins> love, if any fellowship <del>of</del> <ins>with</ins> the Spirit, if any <del>bowels</del> <ins>tenderness</ins> and <del>mercies,</del> <ins>compassion,</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 2:2]</b> <del>Fulfil ye</del> <ins>then make</ins> my <del>joy, that ye be likeminded,</del> <ins>joy complete by being like-minded,</ins> having the same love, being <del>of</del> one <del>accord, of one mind.</del> <ins>in spirit and purpose.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 2:3]</b> <del>Let</del> <ins>Do</ins> nothing <del>be done through strife</del> <ins>out of selfish ambition</ins> or <del>vainglory;</del> <ins>vain conceit,</ins> but in <del>lowliness of mind let each esteem other</del> <ins>humility consider others</ins> better than <del>themselves.</del> <ins>yourselves.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 2:4]</b> <del>Look</del> <ins>Each of you should look</ins> not <del>every man on his</del> <ins>only to your</ins> own <del>things,</del> <ins>interests,</ins> but <del>every man</del> also <del>on</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>things</del> <ins>interests</ins> of others.</p><p><b>[Philippians 2:5]</b> <del>Let this mind</del> <ins>Your attitude should</ins> be <del>in you, which was also in</del> <ins>the same as that of</ins> Christ Jesus:</p><p><b>[Philippians 2:6]</b> Who, being in <del>the form of</del> <ins>very nature</ins> God, <del>thought it</del> <ins>did</ins> not <del>robbery</del> <ins>consider equality with God something</ins> to be <del>equal with God:</del> <ins>grasped,</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 2:7]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>but</ins> made himself <del>of no reputation, and took upon him</del> <ins>nothing, taking</ins> the <del>form</del> <ins>very nature</ins> of a servant, <del>and was</del> <ins>being</ins> made in <del>the likeness of men:</del> <ins>human likeness.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 2:8]</b> And being found in <del>fashion</del> <ins>appearance</ins> as a man, he humbled <del>himself,</del> <ins>himself</ins> and became obedient <del>unto death, even the</del> <ins>to death--even</ins> death <del>of the cross.</del> <ins>on a cross!</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 2:9]</b> <del>Wherefore</del> <ins>Therefore</ins> God <del>also hath highly</del> exalted <del>him, and given</del> him <del>a</del> <ins>to the highest place and gave him the</ins> name <del>which</del> <ins>that</ins> is above every <del>name:</del> <ins>name,</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 2:10]</b> <del>That</del> <ins>that</ins> at the name of Jesus every knee should bow, <del>of things</del> in <del>heaven,</del> <ins>heaven</ins> and <del>things in earth,</del> <ins>on earth</ins> and <del>things</del> under the <del>earth;</del> <ins>earth,</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 2:11]</b> <del>And that</del> <ins>and</ins> every tongue <del>should</del> confess that Jesus Christ is Lord, to the glory of God the Father.</p><p><b>[Philippians 2:12]</b> <del>Wherefore,</del> <ins>Therefore,</ins> my <del>beloved,</del> <ins>dear friends,</ins> as <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> have always <del>obeyed, not as</del> <ins>obeyed--not only</ins> in my <del>presence only,</del> <ins>presence,</ins> but now much more in my <del>absence,</del> <ins>absence--continue to</ins> work out your <del>own</del> salvation with fear and <del>trembling.</del> <ins>trembling,</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 2:13]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>for</ins> it is God <del>which worketh</del> <ins>who works</ins> in you <del>both</del> to will and to <del>do of</del> <ins>act according to</ins> his good <del>pleasure.</del> <ins>purpose.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 2:14]</b> Do <del>all things</del> <ins>everything</ins> without <del>murmurings and disputings:</del> <ins>complaining or arguing,</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 2:15]</b> <del>That ye</del> <ins>so that you</ins> may <del>be</del> <ins>become</ins> blameless and <del>harmless, the sons</del> <ins>pure, children</ins> of <del>God,</del> <ins>God</ins> without <del>rebuke,</del> <ins>fault</ins> in <del>the midst of</del> a crooked and <del>perverse nation, among whom ye</del> <ins>depraved generation, in which you</ins> shine <del>as lights</del> <ins>like stars</ins> in the <del>world;</del> <ins>universe</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 2:16]</b> <del>Holding forth</del> <ins>as you hold out</ins> the word of <del>life;</del> <ins>life--in order</ins> that I may <del>rejoice in</del> <ins>boast on</ins> the day of <del>Christ,</del> <ins>Christ</ins> that I <del>have</del> <ins>did</ins> not run <del>in vain, neither laboured in vain.</del> <ins>or labor for nothing.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 2:17]</b> <del>Yea, and</del> <ins>But even</ins> if I <del>be offered upon</del> <ins>am being poured out like a drink offering on</ins> the sacrifice and service <del>of</del> <ins>coming from</ins> your faith, I <del>joy,</del> <ins>am glad</ins> and rejoice with <del>you all.</del> <ins>all of you.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 2:18]</b> <del>For the same cause also do ye joy,</del> <ins>So you too should be glad</ins> and rejoice with me.</p><p><b>[Philippians 2:19]</b> <del>But</del> I <del>trust</del> <ins>hope</ins> in the Lord Jesus to send <del>Timotheus shortly unto you,</del> <ins>Timothy to you soon,</ins> that I also may be <del>of good comfort,</del> <ins>cheered</ins> when I <del>know your state.</del> <ins>receive news about you.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 2:20]</b> <del>For</del> I have no <del>man likeminded,</del> <ins>one else like him,</ins> who <del>will naturally care for</del> <ins>takes a genuine interest in</ins> your <del>state.</del> <ins>welfare.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 2:21]</b> For <del>all seek their own,</del> <ins>everyone looks out for his own interests,</ins> not <del>the things which are</del> <ins>those of</ins> Jesus <del>Christ's.</del> <ins>Christ.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 2:22]</b> But <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> know <del>the proof of him, that,</del> <ins>that Timothy has proved himself, because</ins> as a son with <del>the father,</del> <ins>his father</ins> he <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> served with me in the <ins>work of the</ins> gospel.</p><p><b>[Philippians 2:23]</b> <del>Him therefore</del> I <del>hope</del> <ins>hope, therefore,</ins> to send <del>presently, so</del> <ins>him as</ins> soon as I <del>shall</del> see how <del>it will</del> <ins>things</ins> go with me.</p><p><b>[Philippians 2:24]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>And</ins> I <del>trust</del> <ins>am confident</ins> in the Lord that I <del>also</del> myself <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> come <del>shortly.</del> <ins>soon.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 2:25]</b> <del>Yet</del> <ins>But</ins> I <del>supposed</del> <ins>think</ins> it <ins>is</ins> necessary to send <ins>back</ins> to you Epaphroditus, my brother, <ins>fellow worker</ins> and <del>companion in labour, and fellowsoldier, but</del> <ins>fellow soldier, who is also</ins> your messenger, <del>and he that ministered</del> <ins>whom you sent</ins> to <ins>take care of</ins> my <del>wants.</del> <ins>needs.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 2:26]</b> For he <del>longed after you all, and was full</del> <ins>longs for all</ins> of <del>heaviness,</del> <ins>you and is distressed</ins> because <del>that ye had</del> <ins>you</ins> heard <del>that</del> he <del>had been sick.</del> <ins>was ill.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 2:27]</b> <del>For indeed</del> <ins>Indeed</ins> he was <del>sick nigh unto death: but</del> <ins>ill, and almost died. But</ins> God had mercy on <del>him;</del> <ins>him,</ins> and not on him <del>only,</del> <ins>only</ins> but <ins>also</ins> on <ins>me, to spare</ins> me <del>also, lest I should have</del> sorrow upon sorrow.</p><p><b>[Philippians 2:28]</b> <ins>Therefore</ins> I <del>sent him therefore</del> <ins>am all</ins> the more <del>carefully, that,</del> <ins>eager to send him, so that</ins> when <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> see him <del>again, ye may rejoice, and that I</del> <ins>again you</ins> may be <del>the</del> <ins>glad and I may have</ins> less <del>sorrowful.</del> <ins>anxiety.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 2:29]</b> <del>Receive</del> <ins>Welcome</ins> him <del>therefore</del> in the Lord with <del>all gladness;</del> <ins>great joy,</ins> and <del>hold such in reputation:</del> <ins>honor men like him,</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 2:30]</b> <del>Because</del> <ins>because he almost died</ins> for the work of <del>Christ he was nigh unto death, not regarding</del> <ins>Christ, risking</ins> his <del>life,</del> <ins>life</ins> to <del>supply your lack of service toward</del> <ins>make up for the help you could not give</ins> me.</p><p><b>[Philippians 3:1]</b> Finally, my <del>brethren,</del> <ins>brothers,</ins> rejoice in the <del>Lord. To</del> <ins>Lord! It is no trouble for me to</ins> write the same things to <del>you, to me indeed is not grievous, but for</del> you <ins>again, and</ins> it is <del>safe.</del> <ins>a safeguard for you.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 3:2]</b> <del>Beware of</del> <ins>Watch out for those</ins> dogs, <del>beware of evil workers, beware</del> <ins>those men who do evil, those mutilators</ins> of the <del>concision.</del> <ins>flesh.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 3:3]</b> For <ins>it is</ins> we <ins>who</ins> are the circumcision, <del>which</del> <ins>we who</ins> worship <del>God in</del> <ins>by</ins> the <del>spirit, and rejoice</del> <ins>Spirit of God, who glory</ins> in Christ Jesus, and <del>have</del> <ins>who put</ins> no confidence in the <del>flesh.</del> <ins>flesh--</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 3:4]</b> <del>Though</del> <ins>though</ins> I <del>might also</del> <ins>myself</ins> have <del>confidence in the flesh.</del> <ins>reasons for such confidence.</ins> If <del>any other man thinketh that</del> <ins>anyone else thinks</ins> he <del>hath whereof he might trust</del> <ins>has reasons to put confidence</ins> in the flesh, I <ins>have</ins> more:</p><p><b>[Philippians 3:5]</b> <del>Circumcised</del> <ins>circumcised on</ins> the eighth day, of the <del>stock</del> <ins>people</ins> of Israel, of the tribe of Benjamin, <del>an</del> <ins>a</ins> Hebrew of <del>the</del> Hebrews; <del>as touching</del> <ins>in regard to</ins> the law, a Pharisee;</p><p><b>[Philippians 3:6]</b> <del>Concerning</del> <ins>as for</ins> zeal, persecuting the church; <del>touching the righteousness which is in the law, blameless.</del> <ins>as for legalistic righteousness, faultless.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 3:7]</b> But <del>what things were gain</del> <ins>whatever was</ins> to <del>me, those</del> <ins>my profit</ins> I <del>counted</del> <ins>now consider</ins> loss for <ins>the sake of</ins> Christ.</p><p><b>[Philippians 3:8]</b> <del>Yea doubtless, and</del> <ins>What is more,</ins> I <del>count all things but</del> <ins>consider everything a</ins> loss <del>for</del> <ins>compared to</ins> the <del>excellency</del> <ins>surpassing greatness</ins> of <del>the knowledge of</del> <ins>knowing</ins> Christ Jesus my <del>Lord:</del> <ins>Lord,</ins> for <del>whom</del> <ins>whose sake</ins> I have <del>suffered the loss of</del> <ins>lost</ins> all <del>things, and do count</del> <ins>things. I consider</ins> them <del>but dung,</del> <ins>rubbish,</ins> that I may <del>win Christ,</del> <ins>gain Christ</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 3:9]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> be found in him, not having <del>mine own righteousness, which is</del> <ins>a righteousness</ins> of <ins>my own that comes from</ins> the law, but that which is through <del>the</del> faith <del>of Christ, the</del> <ins>in Christ--the</ins> righteousness <del>which is of</del> <ins>that comes from</ins> God <ins>and is</ins> by <del>faith:</del> <ins>faith.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 3:10]</b> <del>That</del> I <del>may</del> <ins>want to</ins> know <del>him,</del> <ins>Christ</ins> and the power of his <del>resurrection,</del> <ins>resurrection</ins> and the fellowship of <ins>sharing in</ins> his sufferings, <del>being made conformable unto</del> <ins>becoming like him in</ins> his <del>death;</del> <ins>death,</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 3:11]</b> <del>If by any means I might</del> <ins>and so, somehow, to</ins> attain <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the resurrection <del>of</del> <ins>from</ins> the dead.</p><p><b>[Philippians 3:12]</b> Not <del>as though I had already attained, either were already perfect: but I follow after, if</del> that I <del>may apprehend</del> <ins>have already obtained all this, or have already been made perfect, but I press on to take hold of</ins> that for which <del>also I am apprehended of</del> Christ <del>Jesus.</del> <ins>Jesus took hold of me.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 3:13]</b> <del>Brethren,</del> <ins>Brothers,</ins> I <del>count</del> <ins>do</ins> not <ins>consider</ins> myself <ins>yet</ins> to have <del>apprehended: but this</del> <ins>taken hold of it. But</ins> one thing I <del>do, forgetting those things which are behind,</del> <ins>do: Forgetting what is behind</ins> and <del>reaching forth unto those things which are before,</del> <ins>straining toward what is ahead,</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 3:14]</b> I press <ins>on</ins> toward the <del>mark for</del> <ins>goal to win</ins> the prize <del>of the high calling of</del> <ins>for which</ins> God <ins>has called me heavenward</ins> in Christ Jesus.</p><p><b>[Philippians 3:15]</b> <del>Let</del> <ins>All of</ins> us <del>therefore, as many as be perfect, be thus minded: and</del> <ins>who are mature should take such a view of things. And</ins> if <del>in any thing ye be otherwise minded,</del> <ins>on some point you think differently, that too</ins> God <del>shall reveal even this unto</del> <ins>will make clear to</ins> you.</p><p><b>[Philippians 3:16]</b> <del>Nevertheless, whereto</del> <ins>Only let us live up to what</ins> we have already <del>attained, let us walk by the same rule, let us mind the same thing.</del> <ins>attained.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 3:17]</b> <del>Brethren, be followers together of me,</del> <ins>Join with others in following my example, brothers,</ins> and <del>mark them which walk so as ye have us for an ensample.</del> <ins>take note of those who live according to the pattern we gave you.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 3:18]</b> <del>(For many walk, of whom</del> <ins>For, as</ins> I have <ins>often</ins> told you <del>often,</del> <ins>before</ins> and now <del>tell you</del> <ins>say again</ins> even <del>weeping, that they are the</del> <ins>with tears, many live as</ins> enemies of the cross of <del>Christ:</del> <ins>Christ.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 3:19]</b> <del>Whose end</del> <ins>Their destiny</ins> is destruction, <del>whose God</del> <ins>their god</ins> is their <del>belly,</del> <ins>stomach,</ins> and <del>whose</del> <ins>their</ins> glory is in their <del>shame, who</del> <ins>shame. Their</ins> mind <ins>is on</ins> earthly <del>things.)</del> <ins>things.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 3:20]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>But</ins> our <del>conversation</del> <ins>citizenship</ins> is in <del>heaven; from whence also</del> <ins>heaven. And</ins> we <del>look for the Saviour,</del> <ins>eagerly await a Savior from there,</ins> the Lord Jesus <del>Christ:</del> <ins>Christ,</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 3:21]</b> <del>Who shall change our vile body,</del> <ins>who, by the power</ins> that <del>it may</del> <ins>enables him to bring everything under his control, will transform our lowly bodies so that they will</ins> be <del>fashioned</del> like <del>unto</del> his glorious <del>body, according to the working whereby he is able even to subdue all things unto himself.</del> <ins>body.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 4:1]</b> Therefore, my <del>brethren dearly beloved</del> <ins>brothers, you whom I love</ins> and <del>longed</del> <ins>long</ins> for, my joy and crown, <del>so</del> <ins>that is how you should</ins> stand <del>fast</del> <ins>firm</ins> in the Lord, <del>my dearly beloved.</del> <ins>dear friends!</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 4:2]</b> I <del>beseech Euodias,</del> <ins>plead with Euodia</ins> and <del>beseech Syntyche, that they be of the same mind</del> <ins>I plead with Syntyche to agree with each other</ins> in the Lord.</p><p><b>[Philippians 4:3]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Yes, and</ins> I <del>intreat thee also, true</del> <ins>ask you, loyal</ins> yokefellow, help <del>those</del> <ins>these</ins> women <del>which laboured with me</del> <ins>who have contended at my side</ins> in the <ins>cause of the</ins> gospel, <ins>along</ins> with Clement <del>also,</del> and <del>with other</del> <ins>the rest of</ins> my <del>fellowlabourers,</del> <ins>fellow workers,</ins> whose names are in the book of life.</p><p><b>[Philippians 4:4]</b> Rejoice in the Lord <del>always: and again</del> <ins>always.</ins> I <del>say, Rejoice.</del> <ins>will say it again: Rejoice!</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 4:5]</b> Let your <del>moderation</del> <ins>gentleness</ins> be <del>known unto all men.</del> <ins>evident to all.</ins> The Lord is <del>at hand.</del> <ins>near.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 4:6]</b> <del>Be careful for nothing;</del> <ins>Do not be anxious about anything,</ins> but in <del>every thing</del> <ins>everything,</ins> by prayer and <del>supplication</del> <ins>petition,</ins> with <del>thanksgiving let</del> <ins>thanksgiving, present</ins> your requests <del>be made known unto</del> <ins>to</ins> God.</p><p><b>[Philippians 4:7]</b> And the peace of God, which <del>passeth</del> <ins>transcends</ins> all understanding, <del>shall keep</del> <ins>will guard</ins> your hearts and <ins>your</ins> minds <del>through</del> <ins>in</ins> Christ Jesus.</p><p><b>[Philippians 4:8]</b> Finally, <del>brethren, whatsoever things are</del> <ins>brothers, whatever is</ins> true, <del>whatsoever things are honest, whatsoever things are just, whatsoever things are</del> <ins>whatever is noble, whatever is right, whatever is</ins> pure, <del>whatsoever things are</del> <ins>whatever is</ins> lovely, <del>whatsoever things are of good report; if there be any virtue, and if there be any praise, think on these</del> <ins>whatever is admirable--if anything is excellent or praiseworthy--think about such</ins> things.</p><p><b>[Philippians 4:9]</b> <del>Those things, which ye</del> <ins>Whatever you</ins> have <del>both learned, and received, and heard, and</del> <ins>learned or received or heard from me, or</ins> seen in <del>me, do: and</del> <ins>me--put it into practice. And</ins> the God of peace <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be with you.</p><p><b>[Philippians 4:10]</b> <del>But</del> I <del>rejoiced</del> <ins>rejoice greatly</ins> in the Lord <del>greatly,</del> that <del>now</del> at <del>the</del> last <ins>you have renewed</ins> your <del>care of me hath flourished again; wherein ye were also careful,</del> <ins>concern for me. Indeed, you have been concerned,</ins> but <del>ye lacked opportunity.</del> <ins>you had no opportunity to show it.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 4:11]</b> <del>Not that</del> I <del>speak</del> <ins>am not saying this because I am</ins> in <del>respect of want:</del> <ins>need,</ins> for I have <del>learned, in whatsoever state I am, therewith</del> <ins>learned</ins> to be <del>content.</del> <ins>content whatever the circumstances.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 4:12]</b> I know <del>both how</del> <ins>what it is</ins> to be <del>abased,</del> <ins>in need,</ins> and I know <del>how</del> <ins>what it is</ins> to <del>abound: every where and in all things</del> <ins>have plenty.</ins> I <del>am instructed both to be full</del> <ins>have learned the secret of being content in any</ins> and <del>to be</del> <ins>every situation, whether well fed or</ins> hungry, <del>both to abound and to suffer need.</del> <ins>whether living in plenty or in want.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 4:13]</b> I can do <del>all things</del> <ins>everything</ins> through <del>Christ which strengtheneth me.</del> <ins>him who gives me strength.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 4:14]</b> <del>Notwithstanding ye have well done, that ye did communicate with</del> <ins>Yet it was good of you to share in</ins> my <del>affliction.</del> <ins>troubles.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 4:15]</b> <del>Now ye</del> <ins>Moreover, as you</ins> Philippians <del>know also, that</del> <ins>know,</ins> in the <del>beginning</del> <ins>early days</ins> of <ins>your acquaintance with</ins> the gospel, when I <del>departed</del> <ins>set out</ins> from Macedonia, <del>no</del> <ins>not one</ins> church <del>communicated</del> <ins>shared</ins> with me <del>as concerning</del> <ins>in the matter of</ins> giving and receiving, <del>but ye only.</del> <ins>except you only;</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 4:16]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>for</ins> even <ins>when I was</ins> in <del>Thessalonica ye</del> <ins>Thessalonica, you</ins> sent <del>once</del> <ins>me aid again</ins> and again <del>unto my necessity.</del> <ins>when I was in need.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 4:17]</b> Not <del>because</del> <ins>that</ins> I <del>desire</del> <ins>am looking for</ins> a <del>gift:</del> <ins>gift,</ins> but I <del>desire fruit that</del> <ins>am looking for what</ins> may <del>abound</del> <ins>be credited</ins> to your account.</p><p><b>[Philippians 4:18]</b> <del>But</del> I have <del>all,</del> <ins>received full payment</ins> and <del>abound:</del> <ins>even more;</ins> I am <del>full, having</del> <ins>amply supplied, now that I have</ins> received <del>of</del> <ins>from</ins> Epaphroditus the <del>things which were sent from you, an odour of</del> <ins>gifts you sent. They are</ins> a <del>sweet smell, a sacrifice acceptable, wellpleasing</del> <ins>fragrant offering, an acceptable sacrifice, pleasing</ins> to God.</p><p><b>[Philippians 4:19]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>And</ins> my God <del>shall supply</del> <ins>will meet</ins> all your <del>need</del> <ins>needs</ins> according to his <ins>glorious</ins> riches in <del>glory by</del> Christ Jesus.</p><p><b>[Philippians 4:20]</b> <del>Now unto</del> <ins>To our</ins> God and <del>our</del> Father be glory for ever and ever. Amen.</p><p><b>[Philippians 4:21]</b> <del>Salute every saint</del> <ins>Greet all the saints</ins> in Christ Jesus. The <del>brethren which</del> <ins>brothers who</ins> are with me <del>greet you.</del> <ins>send greetings.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 4:22]</b> All the saints <del>salute you, chiefly they that are of</del> <ins>send you greetings, especially those who belong to</ins> Caesar's household.</p><p><b>[Philippians 4:23]</b> The grace of <del>our</del> <ins>the</ins> Lord Jesus Christ be with <del>you all.</del> <ins>your spirit.</ins> Amen.</p>