<p><b>[Zechariah 1:1]</b> In the eighth <del>month, in</del> <ins>month of</ins> the second year of Darius, <del>came</del> the word of the LORD <del>unto Zechariah,</del> <ins>came to the prophet Zechariah son of Berekiah,</ins> the son of <del>Berechiah, the son of Iddo the prophet, saying,</del> <ins>Iddo:</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 1:2]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>"The</ins> LORD <del>hath been sore displeased</del> <ins>was very angry</ins> with your <del>fathers.</del> <ins>forefathers.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 1:3]</b> Therefore <del>say thou unto them, Thus saith</del> <ins>tell the people: This is what</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts; Turn ye unto me, saith</del> <ins>Almighty says: 'Return to me,' declares</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts, and</del> <ins>Almighty, 'and</ins> I will <del>turn unto you, saith</del> <ins>return to you,' says</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts.</del> <ins>Almighty.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 1:4]</b> <del>Be ye</del> <ins>Do</ins> not <del>as</del> <ins>be like</ins> your <del>fathers, unto</del> <ins>forefathers, to</ins> whom the <del>former</del> <ins>earlier</ins> prophets <del>have cried, saying, Thus saith</del> <ins>proclaimed: This is what</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts; Turn ye now</del> <ins>Almighty says: 'Turn</ins> from your evil <del>ways,</del> <ins>ways</ins> and <del>from</del> your evil <del>doings: but</del> <ins>practices.' But</ins> they <del>did</del> <ins>would</ins> not <del>hear, nor hearken unto</del> <ins>listen or pay attention to</ins> me, <del>saith</del> <ins>declares</ins> the LORD.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 1:5]</b> <del>Your fathers, where</del> <ins>Where</ins> are <del>they? and</del> <ins>your forefathers now? And</ins> the prophets, do they live <del>for ever?</del> <ins>forever?</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 1:6]</b> But <ins>did not</ins> my words and my <del>statutes,</del> <ins>decrees,</ins> which I commanded my servants the prophets, <del>did they not take hold of</del> <ins>overtake</ins> your <del>fathers? and</del> <ins>forefathers? "Then</ins> they <del>returned</del> <ins>repented</ins> and said, <del>Like as the</del> <ins>'The</ins> LORD <del>of hosts thought</del> <ins>Almighty has done</ins> to <del>do unto us, according to</del> <ins>us what</ins> our <del>ways,</del> <ins>ways</ins> and <del>according to our doings, so hath</del> <ins>practices deserve, just as</ins> he <del>dealt with us.</del> <ins>determined to do.'" The Man Among the Myrtle Trees</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 1:7]</b> <del>Upon</del> <ins>On</ins> the <del>four and twentieth</del> <ins>twenty-fourth</ins> day of the eleventh month, <del>which is</del> the month <del>Sebat,</del> <ins>of Shebat,</ins> in the second year of Darius, <del>came</del> the word of the LORD <del>unto Zechariah,</del> <ins>came to the prophet Zechariah son of Berekiah,</ins> the son of <del>Berechiah, the son of Iddo the prophet, saying,</del> <ins>Iddo.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 1:8]</b> <ins>During the night</ins> I <del>saw by night, and behold</del> <ins>had a vision-and there before me was</ins> a man riding <del>upon</del> a red <del>horse, and he stood</del> <ins>horse! He was standing</ins> among the myrtle trees <del>that were</del> in <del>the bottom; and behind</del> <ins>a ravine. Behind</ins> him were <del>there red horses, speckled,</del> <ins>red, brown</ins> and <del>white.</del> <ins>white horses.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 1:9]</b> <del>Then said I, O my lord, what</del> <ins>I asked, "What</ins> are <del>these? And the</del> <ins>these, my lord?" The</ins> angel <del>that talked</del> <ins>who was talking</ins> with me <del>said unto me, I</del> <ins>answered, "I</ins> will <del>shew thee</del> <ins>show you</ins> what <del>these be.</del> <ins>they are."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 1:10]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> the man <del>that stood</del> <ins>standing</ins> among the myrtle trees <del>answered and said, These</del> <ins>explained, "They</ins> are <del>they whom</del> <ins>the ones</ins> the LORD <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> sent to <del>walk to and fro through</del> <ins>go throughout</ins> the <del>earth.</del> <ins>earth."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 1:11]</b> And they <del>answered</del> <ins>reported to</ins> the angel of the <del>LORD that stood</del> <ins>LORD, who was standing</ins> among the myrtle trees, <del>and said, We</del> <ins>"We</ins> have <del>walked to and fro through the earth, and, behold, all</del> <ins>gone throughout</ins> the earth <del>sitteth still,</del> and <del>is</del> <ins>found the whole world</ins> at <del>rest.</del> <ins>rest and in peace."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 1:12]</b> Then the angel of the LORD <del>answered and</del> said, <del>O LORD of hosts,</del> <ins>"LORD Almighty,</ins> how long <del>wilt thou not have</del> <ins>will you withhold</ins> mercy <del>on</del> <ins>from</ins> Jerusalem and <del>on</del> <ins>from</ins> the <del>cities</del> <ins>towns</ins> of Judah, <del>against</del> which <del>thou hast had indignation</del> <ins>you have been angry with</ins> these <del>threescore and ten years?</del> <ins>seventy years?"</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 1:13]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>So</ins> the LORD <del>answered</del> <ins>spoke kind and comforting words to</ins> the angel <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> talked with <del>me with good words and comfortable words.</del> <ins>me.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 1:14]</b> <del>So</del> <ins>Then</ins> the angel <del>that communed with</del> <ins>who was speaking to</ins> me <del>said unto me, Cry thou, saying, Thus saith</del> <ins>said, "Proclaim this word: This is what</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts; I</del> <ins>Almighty says: 'I</ins> am <ins>very</ins> jealous for Jerusalem and <del>for Zion with a great jealousy.</del> <ins>Zion,</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 1:15]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>but</ins> I am very <del>sore displeased</del> <ins>angry</ins> with the <del>heathen</del> <ins>nations</ins> that <del>are at ease: for</del> <ins>feel secure.</ins> I was <del>but</del> <ins>only</ins> a little <del>displeased, and</del> <ins>angry, but</ins> they <del>helped forward</del> <ins>added to</ins> the <del>affliction.</del> <ins>calamity.'</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 1:16]</b> <del>Therefore thus saith</del> <ins>"Therefore, this is what</ins> the <del>LORD; I am returned</del> <ins>LORD says: 'I will return</ins> to Jerusalem with <del>mercies:</del> <ins>mercy, and there</ins> my house <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be <del>built in it, saith</del> <ins>rebuilt. And</ins> the <del>LORD of hosts, and a</del> <ins>measuring</ins> line <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be stretched <del>forth upon Jerusalem.</del> <ins>out over Jerusalem,' declares the LORD Almighty.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 1:17]</b> <del>Cry yet, saying, Thus saith</del> <ins>"Proclaim further: This is what</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts; My cities through prosperity shall yet be spread abroad;</del> <ins>Almighty says: 'My towns will again overflow with prosperity,</ins> and the LORD <del>shall yet</del> <ins>will again</ins> comfort <del>Zion,</del> <ins>Zion</ins> and <del>shall yet</del> choose <del>Jerusalem.</del> <ins>Jerusalem.'"</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 1:18]</b> Then <del>lifted</del> I <del>up mine eyes, and saw, and behold</del> <ins>looked up-and there before me were</ins> four <del>horns.</del> <ins>horns!</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 1:19]</b> <del>And</del> I <del>said unto</del> <ins>asked</ins> the angel <del>that talked with</del> <ins>who was speaking to</ins> me, <del>What be these? And he</del> <ins>"What are these?" He</ins> answered me, <del>These</del> <ins>"These</ins> are the horns <del>which have</del> <ins>that</ins> scattered Judah, <del>Israel,</del> <ins>Israel</ins> and <del>Jerusalem.</del> <ins>Jerusalem."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 1:20]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> the LORD <del>shewed</del> <ins>showed</ins> me four <del>carpenters.</del> <ins>craftsmen.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 1:21]</b> <del>Then said I, What come</del> <ins>I asked, "What are</ins> these <ins>coming</ins> to <del>do? And he spake, saying, These</del> <ins>do?" He answered, "These</ins> are the horns <del>which have</del> <ins>that</ins> scattered <del>Judah,</del> <ins>Judah</ins> so that no <del>man did lift up</del> <ins>one could raise</ins> his <del>head:</del> <ins>head,</ins> but <del>these are</del> <ins>the craftsmen have</ins> come to <del>fray them, to cast out the</del> <ins>terrify them and throw down these</ins> horns of the <del>Gentiles, which</del> <ins>nations who</ins> lifted up their <del>horn over</del> <ins>horns against</ins> the land of Judah to scatter <del>it.</del> <ins>its people."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 2:1]</b> <ins>Then</ins> I <del>lifted up mine eyes again, and looked, and behold</del> <ins>looked up-and there before me was</ins> a man with a measuring line in his <del>hand.</del> <ins>hand!</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 2:2]</b> <del>Then said I, Whither goest thou? And he said unto</del> <ins>I asked, "Where are you going?" He answered</ins> me, <del>To</del> <ins>"To</ins> measure Jerusalem, to <del>see what is the breadth thereof,</del> <ins>find out how wide</ins> and <del>what is the length thereof.</del> <ins>how long it is."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 2:3]</b> <del>And, behold,</del> <ins>Then</ins> the angel <del>that talked with</del> <ins>who was speaking to</ins> me <del>went forth,</del> <ins>left,</ins> and another angel <del>went out</del> <ins>came</ins> to meet <del>him,</del> <ins>him</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 2:4]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> said <del>unto him, Run, speak</del> to <del>this</del> <ins>him: "Run, tell that</ins> young man, <del>saying, Jerusalem shall</del> <ins>'Jerusalem will</ins> be <del>inhabited as towns</del> <ins>a city</ins> without walls <del>for</del> <ins>because of</ins> the <del>multitude</del> <ins>great number</ins> of men and <del>cattle therein:</del> <ins>livestock in it.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 2:5]</b> <del>For I, saith the LORD,</del> <ins>And I myself</ins> will be <del>unto her</del> a wall of fire <del>round about, and</del> <ins>around it,' declares the LORD, 'and I</ins> will be <del>the</del> <ins>its</ins> glory <del>in the midst of her.</del> <ins>within.'</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 2:6]</b> <del>Ho, ho, come forth, and flee</del> <ins>"Come! Come! Flee</ins> from the land of the <del>north, saith</del> <ins>north," declares</ins> the <del>LORD: for</del> <ins>LORD, "for</ins> I have <del>spread</del> <ins>scattered</ins> you <del>abroad as</del> <ins>to</ins> the four winds of <del>the heaven, saith</del> <ins>heaven," declares</ins> the LORD.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 2:7]</b> <del>Deliver thyself,</del> <ins>"Come,</ins> O <del>Zion, that dwellest with</del> <ins>Zion! Escape, you who live in</ins> the <del>daughter</del> <ins>Daughter</ins> of <del>Babylon.</del> <ins>Babylon!"</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 2:8]</b> For <del>thus saith</del> <ins>this is what</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts; After the glory hath</del> <ins>Almighty says: "After</ins> he <ins>has honored me and has</ins> sent me <del>unto</del> <ins>against</ins> the nations <del>which spoiled you: for he</del> that <del>toucheth</del> <ins>have plundered you-for whoever touches</ins> you <del>toucheth</del> <ins>touches</ins> the apple of his <del>eye.</del> <ins>eye-</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 2:9]</b> <del>For, behold,</del> I will <del>shake mine</del> <ins>surely raise my</ins> hand <del>upon them, and they shall be a spoil to</del> <ins>against them so that</ins> their <del>servants: and ye shall</del> <ins>slaves will plunder them. Then you will</ins> know that the LORD <del>of hosts hath</del> <ins>Almighty has</ins> sent me.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 2:10]</b> <del>Sing</del> <ins>"Shout</ins> and <del>rejoice,</del> <ins>be glad,</ins> O <del>daughter</del> <ins>Daughter</ins> of <del>Zion: for, lo,</del> <ins>Zion. For</ins> I <del>come,</del> <ins>am coming,</ins> and I will <del>dwell in the midst of thee, saith</del> <ins>live among you," declares</ins> the LORD.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 2:11]</b> <del>And many</del> <ins>"Many</ins> nations <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be joined <del>to</del> <ins>with</ins> the LORD in that <del>day,</del> <ins>day</ins> and <del>shall be</del> <ins>will become</ins> my <del>people: and</del> <ins>people.</ins> I will <del>dwell in the midst of thee,</del> <ins>live among you</ins> and <del>thou shalt</del> <ins>you will</ins> know that the LORD <del>of hosts hath</del> <ins>Almighty has</ins> sent me <del>unto thee.</del> <ins>to you.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 2:12]</b> <del>And the</del> <ins>The</ins> LORD <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> inherit Judah <ins>as</ins> his portion in the holy <del>land,</del> <ins>land</ins> and <del>shall</del> <ins>will again</ins> choose <del>Jerusalem again.</del> <ins>Jerusalem.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 2:13]</b> Be <del>silent, O all flesh,</del> <ins>still</ins> before the <del>LORD: for</del> <ins>LORD, all mankind, because</ins> he <del>is raised up out of</del> <ins>has roused himself from</ins> his holy <del>habitation.</del> <ins>dwelling."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 3:1]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> he <del>shewed</del> <ins>showed</ins> me Joshua the high priest standing before the angel of the LORD, and Satan standing at his right <del>hand</del> <ins>side</ins> to <del>resist</del> <ins>accuse</ins> him.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 3:2]</b> <del>And the LORD said unto Satan,</del> The LORD <del>rebuke thee, O Satan; even the</del> <ins>said to Satan, "The</ins> LORD <del>that hath chosen Jerusalem</del> rebuke <del>thee: is</del> <ins>you, Satan! The LORD, who has chosen Jerusalem, rebuke you! Is</ins> not this <ins>man</ins> a <del>brand plucked out of</del> <ins>burning stick snatched from</ins> the <del>fire?</del> <ins>fire?"</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 3:3]</b> Now Joshua was <del>clothed with</del> <ins>dressed in</ins> filthy <del>garments, and</del> <ins>clothes as he</ins> stood before the angel.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 3:4]</b> <del>And he answered and spake unto</del> <ins>The angel said to</ins> those <del>that stood</del> <ins>who were standing</ins> before him, <del>saying, Take away the</del> <ins>"Take off his</ins> filthy <del>garments from him. And unto him</del> <ins>clothes." Then</ins> he <del>said, Behold,</del> <ins>said to Joshua, "See,</ins> I have <del>caused thine iniquity to pass from thee,</del> <ins>taken away your sin,</ins> and I will <del>clothe thee with change of raiment.</del> <ins>put rich garments on you."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 3:5]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> I said, <del>Let them set</del> <ins>"Put</ins> a <del>fair mitre upon</del> <ins>clean turban on</ins> his <del>head.</del> <ins>head."</ins> So they <del>set</del> <ins>put</ins> a <del>fair mitre upon</del> <ins>clean turban on</ins> his <del>head,</del> <ins>head</ins> and clothed <del>him with garments. And</del> <ins>him, while</ins> the angel of the LORD stood by.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 3:6]</b> <del>And the</del> <ins>The</ins> angel of the LORD <del>protested unto Joshua, saying,</del> <ins>gave this charge to Joshua:</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 3:7]</b> <del>Thus saith</del> <ins>"This is what</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts; If thou wilt</del> <ins>Almighty says: 'If you will</ins> walk in my <del>ways,</del> <ins>ways</ins> and <del>if thou wilt</del> keep my <del>charge,</del> <ins>requirements,</ins> then <del>thou shalt also judge</del> <ins>you will govern</ins> my <del>house,</del> <ins>house</ins> and <del>shalt also keep</del> <ins>have charge of</ins> my courts, and I will give <del>thee places to walk</del> <ins>you a place</ins> among these <del>that stand by.</del> <ins>standing here.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 3:8]</b> <del>Hear now,</del> <ins>"'Listen,</ins> O <del>Joshua the</del> high <del>priest, thou,</del> <ins>priest Joshua</ins> and <del>thy fellows that sit</del> <ins>your associates seated</ins> before <del>thee: for they</del> <ins>you, who</ins> are men <del>wondered at: for, behold,</del> <ins>symbolic of things to come:</ins> I <del>will</del> <ins>am going to</ins> bring <del>forth</del> my <del>servant</del> <ins>servant,</ins> the <del>BRANCH.</del> <ins>Branch.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 3:9]</b> <del>For behold</del> <ins>See,</ins> the stone <del>that</del> I have <del>laid before Joshua; upon one stone shall be</del> <ins>set in front of Joshua! There are</ins> seven <del>eyes: behold,</del> <ins>eyes on that one stone, and</ins> I will engrave <del>the graving thereof, saith</del> <ins>an inscription on it,' says</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts, and</del> <ins>Almighty, 'and</ins> I will remove the <del>iniquity</del> <ins>sin</ins> of <del>that</del> <ins>this</ins> land in <del>one</del> <ins>a single</ins> day.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 3:10]</b> <del>In</del> <ins>"'In</ins> that <del>day, saith the LORD</del> <ins>day each</ins> of <del>hosts, shall ye call every man</del> <ins>you will invite</ins> his <del>neighbour</del> <ins>neighbor to sit</ins> under <del>the</del> <ins>his</ins> vine and <del>under the</del> fig <del>tree.</del> <ins>tree,' declares the LORD Almighty."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 4:1]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> the angel <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> talked with me <del>came again,</del> <ins>returned</ins> and <del>waked</del> <ins>wakened</ins> me, as a man <del>that</del> is wakened <del>out of</del> <ins>from</ins> his sleep.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 4:2]</b> <del>And said unto</del> <ins>He asked</ins> me, <del>What seest thou? And</del> <ins>"What do you see?"</ins> I <del>said, I have looked, and behold</del> <ins>answered, "I see</ins> a <del>candlestick all of gold,</del> <ins>solid gold lampstand</ins> with a bowl <del>upon</del> <ins>at</ins> the top <del>of it, and his seven lamps thereon,</del> and seven <del>pipes</del> <ins>lights on it, with seven channels</ins> to the <del>seven lamps, which are upon the top thereof:</del> <ins>lights.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 4:3]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Also there are</ins> two olive trees by it, one <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> the right <del>side</del> of the <del>bowl,</del> <ins>bowl</ins> and the other <del>upon the left side thereof.</del> <ins>on its left."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 4:4]</b> <del>So</del> I <del>answered and spake to</del> <ins>asked</ins> the angel <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> talked with me, <del>saying, What</del> <ins>"What</ins> are these, my <del>lord?</del> <ins>lord?"</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 4:5]</b> <del>Then the angel that talked with me answered and said unto me, Knowest thou</del> <ins>He answered, "Do you</ins> not <ins>know</ins> what these <del>be? And I said, No,</del> <ins>are?No,</ins> my <del>lord.</del> <ins>lord," I replied.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 4:6]</b> <del>Then</del> <ins>So</ins> he <del>answered and spake unto</del> <ins>said to</ins> me, <del>saying, This</del> <ins>"This</ins> is the word of the LORD <del>unto Zerubbabel, saying, Not</del> <ins>to Zerubbabel: 'Not</ins> by <del>might,</del> <ins>might</ins> nor by power, but by my <del>spirit, saith</del> <ins>Spirit,' says</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts.</del> <ins>Almighty.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 4:7]</b> <del>Who art thou,</del> <ins>"What are you,</ins> O <del>great</del> <ins>mighty</ins> mountain? <del>before</del> <ins>Before</ins> Zerubbabel <del>thou shalt</del> <ins>you will</ins> become <del>a plain: and</del> <ins>level ground. Then</ins> he <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> bring <del>forth</del> <ins>out</ins> the <del>headstone thereof with shoutings, crying, Grace, grace unto it.</del> <ins>capstone to shouts of 'God bless it! God bless it!'"</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 4:8]</b> <del>Moreover</del> <ins>Then</ins> the word of the LORD came <del>unto me, saying,</del> <ins>to me:</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 4:9]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>"The</ins> hands of Zerubbabel have laid the foundation of this <del>house;</del> <ins>temple;</ins> his hands <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> also <del>finish it; and thou shalt</del> <ins>complete it. Then you will</ins> know that the LORD <del>of hosts hath</del> <ins>Almighty has</ins> sent me <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> you.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 4:10]</b> <del>For who hath despised</del> <ins>"Who despises</ins> the day of small things? <del>for</del> <ins>Men will rejoice when</ins> they <del>shall rejoice, and shall</del> see the <del>plummet</del> <ins>plumb line</ins> in the hand of <del>Zerubbabel with those seven; they</del> <ins>Zerubbabel. "(These seven</ins> are the eyes of the LORD, which <del>run to and fro through</del> <ins>range throughout</ins> the <del>whole earth.</del> <ins>earth.)"</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 4:11]</b> Then <del>answered I, and said unto him, What</del> <ins>I asked the angel, "What</ins> are these two olive trees <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> the right <del>side of the candlestick</del> and <del>upon</del> the left <del>side thereof?</del> <ins>of the lampstand?"</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 4:12]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Again</ins> I <del>answered again, and said unto</del> <ins>asked</ins> him, <del>What be</del> <ins>"What are</ins> these two olive branches <del>which through</del> <ins>beside</ins> the two <del>golden</del> <ins>gold</ins> pipes <del>empty the golden oil</del> <ins>that pour</ins> out <del>of themselves?</del> <ins>golden oil?"</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 4:13]</b> <del>And he answered me and said, Knowest thou</del> <ins>He replied, "Do you</ins> not <ins>know</ins> what these <del>be? And I said, No,</del> <ins>are?No,</ins> my <del>lord.</del> <ins>lord," I said.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 4:14]</b> <del>Then said he, These</del> <ins>So he said, "These</ins> are the two <ins>who are</ins> anointed <del>ones, that stand by</del> <ins>to serve</ins> the <del>LORD</del> <ins>Lord</ins> of <ins>all</ins> the <del>whole earth.</del> <ins>earth."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 5:1]</b> <del>Then</del> I <del>turned, and lifted up mine eyes, and looked, and behold</del> <ins>looked again-and there before me was</ins> a flying <del>roll.</del> <ins>scroll!</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 5:2]</b> <del>And he said unto</del> <ins>He asked</ins> me, <del>What seest thou? And</del> <ins>"What do you see?"</ins> I answered, <del>I</del> <ins>"I</ins> see a flying <del>roll; the length thereof is twenty cubits,</del> <ins>scroll, thirty feet long</ins> and <del>the breadth thereof ten cubits.</del> <ins>fifteen feet wide. "</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 5:3]</b> <del>Then said</del> <ins>And</ins> he <del>unto</del> <ins>said to</ins> me, <del>This</del> <ins>"This</ins> is the curse that <del>goeth forth</del> <ins>is going out</ins> over the <del>face of the</del> whole <del>earth:</del> <ins>land;</ins> for <del>every one that stealeth shall be cut off as on this side</del> according to <del>it; and every one that sweareth shall be cut off as</del> <ins>what it says</ins> on <del>that side</del> <ins>one side, every thief will be banished, and</ins> according to <del>it.</del> <ins>what it says on the other, everyone who swears falsely will be banished.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 5:4]</b> <del>I will bring it forth, saith the</del> <ins>The</ins> LORD <del>of hosts,</del> <ins>Almighty declares, 'I will send it out,</ins> and it <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> enter <del>into</del> the house of the <del>thief,</del> <ins>thief</ins> and <del>into</del> the house of him <del>that sweareth</del> <ins>who swears</ins> falsely by my <del>name: and it shall</del> <ins>name. It will</ins> remain in <del>the midst of</del> his <del>house,</del> <ins>house</ins> and <del>shall consume it with the timber thereof</del> <ins>destroy it, both its timbers</ins> and <del>the stones thereof.</del> <ins>its stones.'"</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 5:5]</b> Then the angel <del>that talked with</del> <ins>who was speaking to</ins> me <del>went forth,</del> <ins>came forward</ins> and said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me, <del>Lift</del> <ins>"Look</ins> up <del>now thine eyes,</del> and see what <del>is</del> this <ins>is</ins> that <del>goeth forth.</del> <ins>is appearing."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 5:6]</b> <del>And</del> I <del>said, What</del> <ins>asked, "What</ins> is <del>it? And he said, This is an ephah that goeth forth.</del> <ins>it?"</ins> He <del>said moreover, This</del> <ins>replied, "It</ins> is <del>their resemblance through all</del> <ins>a measuring basket. "And he added, "This is</ins> the <del>earth.</del> <ins>iniquity of the people throughout the land."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 5:7]</b> <del>And, behold, there was lifted up a talent</del> <ins>Then the cover</ins> of <del>lead:</del> <ins>lead was raised,</ins> and <del>this is a woman that sitteth</del> <ins>there</ins> in the <del>midst of the ephah.</del> <ins>basket sat a woman!</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 5:8]</b> <del>And he</del> <ins>He</ins> said, <del>This</del> <ins>"This</ins> is <del>wickedness. And he cast it into the midst of the ephah;</del> <ins>wickedness,"</ins> and he <del>cast</del> <ins>pushed her back into</ins> the <del>weight of lead upon</del> <ins>basket and pushed</ins> the <del>mouth thereof.</del> <ins>lead cover down over its mouth.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 5:9]</b> Then <del>lifted</del> I <del>up mine eyes, and looked, and, behold,</del> <ins>looked up-and</ins> there <del>came out</del> <ins>before me were</ins> two women, <del>and</del> <ins>with</ins> the wind <del>was</del> in their <del>wings; for they</del> <ins>wings! They</ins> had wings like <del>the wings</del> <ins>those</ins> of a <del>stork:</del> <ins>stork,</ins> and they lifted up the <del>ephah</del> <ins>basket</ins> between <del>the earth</del> <ins>heaven</ins> and <del>the heaven.</del> <ins>earth.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 5:10]</b> <del>Then said</del> <ins>"Where are they taking the basket?"</ins> I <del>to</del> <ins>asked</ins> the angel <del>that talked with me, Whither do these bear the ephah?</del> <ins>who was speaking to me.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 5:11]</b> <del>And he said unto me, To build it an house in</del> <ins>He replied, "To</ins> the <del>land</del> <ins>country</ins> of <del>Shinar: and</del> <ins>Babylonia to build a house for it. When</ins> it <del>shall</del> <ins>is ready, the basket will</ins> be <del>established, and</del> set there <del>upon her own base.</del> <ins>in its place."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 6:1]</b> <del>And</del> I <del>turned, and lifted</del> <ins>looked</ins> up <del>mine eyes, and looked, and, behold,</del> <ins>again-and</ins> there <del>came</del> <ins>before me were</ins> four chariots <ins>coming</ins> out from between two <del>mountains; and the mountains were mountains</del> <ins>mountains-mountains</ins> of <del>brass.</del> <ins>bronze!</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 6:2]</b> <del>In the</del> <ins>The</ins> first chariot <del>were</del> <ins>had</ins> red <del>horses; and in</del> <ins>horses,</ins> the second <del>chariot black horses;</del> <ins>black,</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 6:3]</b> <del>And in</del> the third <del>chariot white horses;</del> <ins>white,</ins> and <del>in</del> the fourth <del>chariot grisled and bay horses.</del> <ins>dappled-all of them powerful.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 6:4]</b> <del>Then</del> I <del>answered and said unto</del> <ins>asked</ins> the angel <del>that talked with</del> <ins>who was speaking to</ins> me, <del>What</del> <ins>"What</ins> are these, my <del>lord?</del> <ins>lord?"</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 6:5]</b> <del>And the</del> <ins>The</ins> angel answered <del>and said unto</del> me, <del>These</del> <ins>"These</ins> are the four spirits of <del>the heavens, which go forth</del> <ins>heaven, going out</ins> from standing <del>before</del> <ins>in</ins> the <del>LORD</del> <ins>presence</ins> of <del>all</del> the <del>earth.</del> <ins>Lord of the whole world.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 6:6]</b> The <ins>one with the</ins> black horses <del>which are therein go forth into the north country; and the white go forth after them; and the grisled go forth</del> <ins>is going</ins> toward the <del>south country.</del> <ins>north country, the one with the white horses toward the west, and the one with the dappled horses toward the south."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 6:7]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>When</ins> the <del>bay</del> <ins>powerful horses</ins> went <del>forth, and sought</del> <ins>out, they were straining</ins> to go <del>that they might walk to and fro through the earth: and he said, Get you hence, walk to and fro through</del> <ins>throughout</ins> the earth. <ins>And he said, "Go throughout the earth!"</ins> So they <del>walked to and fro through</del> <ins>went throughout</ins> the earth.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 6:8]</b> Then <del>cried</del> he <del>upon</del> <ins>called to</ins> me, <del>and spake unto me, saying, Behold, these that go</del> <ins>"Look, those going</ins> toward the north country have <del>quieted</del> <ins>given</ins> my <del>spirit</del> <ins>Spirit rest</ins> in the <del>north country.</del> <ins>land of the north."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 6:9]</b> <del>And the</del> <ins>The</ins> word of the LORD came <del>unto me, saying,</del> <ins>to me:</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 6:10]</b> <del>Take of them of the captivity, even of Heldai, of Tobijah,</del> <ins>"Take silver</ins> and <del>of Jedaiah, which are come</del> <ins>gold</ins> from <del>Babylon,</del> <ins>the exiles Heldai, Tobijah</ins> and <del>come thou</del> <ins>Jedaiah, who have arrived from Babylon. Go</ins> the same <del>day, and go into</del> <ins>day to</ins> the house of Josiah <del>the</del> son of <del>Zephaniah;</del> <ins>Zephaniah.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 6:11]</b> <del>Then take</del> <ins>Take the</ins> silver and <del>gold,</del> <ins>gold</ins> and make <del>crowns,</del> <ins>a crown,</ins> and set <del>them upon</del> <ins>it on</ins> the head of <del>Joshua the son of Josedech,</del> the high <del>priest;</del> <ins>priest, Joshua son of Jehozadak.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 6:12]</b> <del>And speak unto him, saying, Thus speaketh</del> <ins>Tell him this is what</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts, saying, Behold</del> <ins>Almighty says: 'Here is</ins> the man whose name is <del>The BRANCH;</del> <ins>the Branch,</ins> and he <del>shall grow up</del> <ins>will branch</ins> out <del>of</del> <ins>from</ins> his <del>place,</del> <ins>place</ins> and <del>he shall</del> build the temple of the <del>LORD:</del> <ins>LORD.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 6:13]</b> <del>Even</del> <ins>It is</ins> he <del>shall</del> <ins>who will</ins> build the temple of the <del>LORD;</del> <ins>LORD,</ins> and he <del>shall bear the glory,</del> <ins>will be clothed with majesty</ins> and <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> sit and rule <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> his <del>throne; and</del> <ins>throne. And</ins> he <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be a priest <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> his <del>throne: and the counsel of peace shall</del> <ins>throne. And there will</ins> be <ins>harmony</ins> between <del>them both.</del> <ins>the two.'</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 6:14]</b> <del>And the crowns shall</del> <ins>The crown will</ins> be <ins>given</ins> to <del>Helem, and to</del> <ins>Heldai,</ins> Tobijah, <ins>Jedaiah</ins> and <del>to Jedaiah, and to</del> Hen <del>the</del> son of <del>Zephaniah, for</del> <ins>Zephaniah as</ins> a memorial in the temple of the LORD.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 6:15]</b> <del>And they that</del> <ins>Those who</ins> are far <del>off shall</del> <ins>away will</ins> come and <ins>help to</ins> build <del>in</del> the temple of the LORD, and <del>ye shall</del> <ins>you will</ins> know that the LORD <del>of hosts hath</del> <ins>Almighty has</ins> sent me <del>unto you. And this shall come</del> to <del>pass, if ye</del> <ins>you. This</ins> will <ins>happen if you</ins> diligently obey the <del>voice of the</del> LORD your <del>God.</del> <ins>God."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 7:1]</b> <del>And it came to pass in</del> <ins>In</ins> the fourth year of <del>king</del> <ins>King</ins> Darius, <del>that</del> the word of the LORD came <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> Zechariah <del>in</del> <ins>on</ins> the fourth day of the ninth month, <del>even in Chisleu;</del> <ins>the month of Kislev.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 7:2]</b> <del>When they</del> <ins>The people of Bethel</ins> had sent <del>unto the house of God Sherezer</del> <ins>Sharezer</ins> and <del>Regemmelech, and</del> <ins>Regem-Melech, together with</ins> their men, to <del>pray before</del> <ins>entreat</ins> the <del>LORD,</del> <ins>LORD</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 7:3]</b> <del>And to speak unto</del> <ins>by asking</ins> the priests <del>which were in</del> <ins>of</ins> the house of the LORD <del>of hosts,</del> <ins>Almighty</ins> and <del>to</del> the prophets, <del>saying, Should</del> <ins>"Should</ins> I <del>weep</del> <ins>mourn and fast</ins> in the fifth month, <del>separating myself,</del> as I have done <del>these</del> <ins>for</ins> so many <del>years?</del> <ins>years?"</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 7:4]</b> Then <del>came</del> the word of the LORD <del>of hosts unto me, saying,</del> <ins>Almighty came to me:</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 7:5]</b> <del>Speak unto</del> <ins>"Ask</ins> all the people of the <del>land,</del> <ins>land</ins> and <del>to</del> the priests, <del>saying, When ye</del> <ins>'When you</ins> fasted and mourned in the fifth and seventh <del>month, even those</del> <ins>months for the past</ins> seventy years, <del>did ye at all fast unto me, even to me?</del> <ins>was it really for me that you fasted?</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 7:6]</b> And when <del>ye did eat,</del> <ins>you were eating</ins> and <del>when ye did drink, did</del> <ins>drinking, were you</ins> not <del>ye eat for yourselves, and drink</del> <ins>just feasting</ins> for yourselves?</p><p><b>[Zechariah 7:7]</b> <del>Should ye</del> <ins>Are these</ins> not <del>hear</del> the words <del>which</del> the LORD <del>hath cried by</del> <ins>proclaimed through</ins> the <del>former prophets,</del> <ins>earlier prophets</ins> when Jerusalem <del>was inhabited</del> and <del>in prosperity,</del> <ins>its surrounding towns were at rest and prosperous,</ins> and the <del>cities thereof round about her, when men inhabited the south</del> <ins>Negev</ins> and the <del>plain?</del> <ins>western foothills were settled?'"</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 7:8]</b> And the word of the LORD came <del>unto Zechariah, saying,</del> <ins>again to Zechariah:</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 7:9]</b> <del>Thus speaketh</del> <ins>"This is what</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts, saying, Execute</del> <ins>Almighty says: 'Administer</ins> true <del>judgment, and shew</del> <ins>justice; show</ins> mercy and <del>compassions every man</del> <ins>compassion</ins> to <del>his brother:</del> <ins>one another.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 7:10]</b> <del>And oppress</del> <ins>Do</ins> not <ins>oppress</ins> the <del>widow, nor</del> <ins>widow or</ins> the fatherless, the <del>stranger, nor</del> <ins>alien or</ins> the <del>poor; and let none of you imagine evil against his brother in</del> <ins>poor. In</ins> your <del>heart.</del> <ins>hearts do not think evil of each other.'</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 7:11]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>"But</ins> they refused to <del>hearken, and pulled away the shoulder,</del> <ins>pay attention; stubbornly they turned their backs</ins> and stopped <ins>up</ins> their <del>ears, that they should not hear.</del> <ins>ears.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 7:12]</b> <del>Yea, they</del> <ins>They</ins> made their hearts as <del>an adamant stone, lest they should hear the law,</del> <ins>hard as flint</ins> and <ins>would not listen to the law or to</ins> the words <del>which</del> <ins>that</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts hath</del> <ins>Almighty had</ins> sent <del>in his spirit</del> by <ins>his Spirit through</ins> the <del>former prophets: therefore came a great wrath from</del> <ins>earlier prophets. So</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts.</del> <ins>Almighty was very angry.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 7:13]</b> <del>Therefore it is come to pass, that as he cried, and</del> <ins>"'When I called,</ins> they <del>would</del> <ins>did</ins> not <del>hear;</del> <ins>listen;</ins> so <ins>when</ins> they <del>cried, and</del> <ins>called,</ins> I would not <del>hear, saith</del> <ins>listen,' says</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts:</del> <ins>Almighty.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 7:14]</b> <del>But I</del> <ins>'I</ins> scattered them with a whirlwind among all the <del>nations whom</del> <ins>nations, where</ins> they <del>knew not. Thus the</del> <ins>were strangers. The</ins> land was <ins>left so</ins> desolate <del>after them,</del> <ins>behind them</ins> that no <del>man passed through nor returned: for</del> <ins>one could come or go. This is how</ins> they <del>laid</del> <ins>made</ins> the pleasant land <del>desolate.</del> <ins>desolate.'"</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:1]</b> Again the word of the LORD <del>of hosts</del> <ins>Almighty</ins> came to <del>me, saying,</del> <ins>me.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:2]</b> <del>Thus saith</del> <ins>This is what</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts; I was</del> <ins>Almighty says: "I am very</ins> jealous for <del>Zion with great jealousy, and</del> <ins>Zion;</ins> I <del>was jealous for her</del> <ins>am burning</ins> with <del>great fury.</del> <ins>jealousy for her."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:3]</b> <del>Thus saith</del> <ins>This is what</ins> the <del>LORD; I am returned unto Zion, and</del> <ins>LORD says: "I</ins> will <ins>return to Zion and</ins> dwell in <del>the midst of Jerusalem: and</del> <ins>Jerusalem. Then</ins> Jerusalem <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be called <del>a city</del> <ins>the City</ins> of <del>truth;</del> <ins>Truth,</ins> and the mountain of the LORD <del>of hosts</del> <ins>Almighty will be called</ins> the <del>holy mountain.</del> <ins>Holy Mountain."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:4]</b> <del>Thus saith</del> <ins>This is what</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts; There shall yet old</del> <ins>Almighty says: "Once again</ins> men and <del>old</del> women <del>dwell</del> <ins>of ripe old age will sit</ins> in the streets of Jerusalem, <del>and every man</del> <ins>each</ins> with <del>his staff</del> <ins>cane</ins> in <del>his</del> hand <del>for very</del> <ins>because of his</ins> age.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:5]</b> <del>And the streets of the</del> <ins>The</ins> city <del>shall</del> <ins>streets will</ins> be <del>full of</del> <ins>filled with</ins> boys and girls playing <del>in the streets thereof.</del> <ins>there."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:6]</b> <del>Thus saith</del> <ins>This is what</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts; If it be marvellous in the eyes of</del> <ins>Almighty says: "It may seem marvelous to</ins> the remnant of this people <del>in these days, should</del> <ins>at that time, but will</ins> it <del>also be marvellous in mine eyes? saith</del> <ins>seem marvelous to me?" declares</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts.</del> <ins>Almighty.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:7]</b> <del>Thus saith</del> <ins>This is what</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts; Behold, I</del> <ins>Almighty says: "I</ins> will save my people from the <del>east country, and from</del> <ins>countries of</ins> the <del>west country;</del> <ins>east and the west.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:8]</b> <del>And</del> I will bring <del>them, and they shall dwell</del> <ins>them back to live</ins> in <del>the midst of Jerusalem: and</del> <ins>Jerusalem;</ins> they <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be my people, and I will be <del>their God, in truth</del> <ins>faithful</ins> and <del>in righteousness.</del> <ins>righteous to them as their God."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:9]</b> <del>Thus saith</del> <ins>This is what</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts; Let your hands be strong, ye that</del> <ins>Almighty says: "You who now</ins> hear <del>in these days</del> these words <ins>spoken</ins> by the <del>mouth of the prophets, which</del> <ins>prophets who</ins> were <del>in the day that</del> <ins>there when</ins> the foundation <del>of</del> <ins>was laid for</ins> the house of the LORD <del>of hosts was laid,</del> <ins>Almighty, let your hands be strong so</ins> that the temple <del>might</del> <ins>may</ins> be built.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:10]</b> <del>For before these days there was no hire for man, nor any hire for beast; neither was there any peace to him</del> <ins>Before</ins> that <del>went out</del> <ins>time there were no wages for man</ins> or <del>came in</del> <ins>beast. No one could go about his business safely</ins> because of <del>the affliction:</del> <ins>his enemy,</ins> for I <del>set all men</del> <ins>had turned</ins> every <del>one</del> <ins>man</ins> against his <del>neighbour.</del> <ins>neighbor.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:11]</b> But now I will not <del>be unto</del> <ins>deal with</ins> the <del>residue</del> <ins>remnant</ins> of this people as <ins>I did</ins> in the <del>former days, saith</del> <ins>past," declares</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts.</del> <ins>Almighty.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:12]</b> <del>For the</del> <ins>"The</ins> seed <del>shall be prosperous;</del> <ins>will grow well,</ins> the vine <del>shall give her</del> <ins>will yield its</ins> fruit, <del>and</del> the ground <del>shall give her increase,</del> <ins>will produce its crops,</ins> and the heavens <del>shall give</del> <ins>will drop</ins> their <del>dew; and</del> <ins>dew.</ins> I will <del>cause</del> <ins>give all these things as an inheritance to</ins> the remnant of this <del>people to possess all these things.</del> <ins>people.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:13]</b> <del>And it shall come to pass, that as ye were a curse</del> <ins>As you have been an object of cursing</ins> among the <del>heathen,</del> <ins>nations,</ins> O <del>house of Judah,</del> <ins>Judah</ins> and <del>house of Israel;</del> <ins>Israel,</ins> so will I save you, and <del>ye shall</del> <ins>you will</ins> be a <del>blessing: fear not,</del> <ins>blessing. Do not be afraid,</ins> but let your hands be <del>strong.</del> <ins>strong."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:14]</b> <del>For thus saith</del> <ins>This is what</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts; As</del> <ins>Almighty says: "Just as</ins> I <del>thought</del> <ins>had determined</ins> to <del>punish you,</del> <ins>bring disaster upon you and showed no pity</ins> when your fathers <del>provoked me to wrath, saith</del> <ins>angered me," says</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts, and I repented not:</del> <ins>Almighty,</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:15]</b> <del>So again have</del> <ins>"so now</ins> I <del>thought in these days</del> <ins>have determined</ins> to do <del>well unto</del> <ins>good again to</ins> Jerusalem and <del>to the house of Judah: fear ye not.</del> <ins>Judah. Do not be afraid.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:16]</b> These are the things <del>that ye shall do;</del> <ins>you are to do:</ins> Speak <del>ye every man</del> the truth to <del>his neighbour; execute the judgment of truth</del> <ins>each other,</ins> and <del>peace</del> <ins>render true and sound judgment</ins> in your <del>gates:</del> <ins>courts;</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:17]</b> <del>And let none of you imagine</del> <ins>do not plot</ins> evil <del>in your hearts</del> against <del>his neighbour;</del> <ins>your neighbor,</ins> and <ins>do not</ins> love <del>no false oath: for all these are things that</del> <ins>to swear falsely.</ins> I <del>hate, saith</del> <ins>hate all this," declares</ins> the LORD.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:18]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Again</ins> the word of the LORD <del>of hosts</del> <ins>Almighty</ins> came <del>unto me, saying,</del> <ins>to me.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:19]</b> <del>Thus saith</del> <ins>This is what</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts; The fast</del> <ins>Almighty says: "The fasts</ins> of the <del>fourth month, and the fast of the</del> <ins>fourth,</ins> fifth, <ins>seventh</ins> and <del>the fast of the seventh,</del> <ins>tenth months will become joyful</ins> and <del>the fast of the tenth, shall be to the house of Judah joy</del> <ins>glad occasions</ins> and <del>gladness, and cheerful feasts; therefore</del> <ins>happy festivals for Judah. Therefore</ins> love <del>the</del> truth and <del>peace.</del> <ins>peace."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:20]</b> <del>Thus saith</del> <ins>This is what</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts; It shall yet come to pass, that there shall come people,</del> <ins>Almighty says: "Many peoples</ins> and the inhabitants of many <del>cities:</del> <ins>cities will yet come,</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:21]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> the inhabitants of one city <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> go to <del>another, saying, Let</del> <ins>another and say, 'Let</ins> us go <del>speedily</del> <ins>at once</ins> to <del>pray before</del> <ins>entreat</ins> the <del>LORD,</del> <ins>LORD</ins> and <del>to</del> seek the LORD <del>of hosts:</del> <ins>Almighty.</ins> I <del>will go also.</del> <ins>myself am going.'</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:22]</b> <del>Yea,</del> <ins>And</ins> many <del>people</del> <ins>peoples</ins> and <del>strong</del> <ins>powerful</ins> nations <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> come <ins>to Jerusalem</ins> to seek the LORD <del>of hosts in Jerusalem,</del> <ins>Almighty</ins> and to <del>pray before the LORD.</del> <ins>entreat him."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:23]</b> <del>Thus saith</del> <ins>This is what</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts; In</del> <ins>Almighty says: "In</ins> those days <del>it shall come to pass, that</del> ten men <del>shall take hold out of</del> <ins>from</ins> all languages <del>of the nations, even shall</del> <ins>and nations will</ins> take <ins>firm</ins> hold of <ins>one Jew by</ins> the <del>skirt</del> <ins>hem</ins> of <del>him that is a Jew, saying, We will</del> <ins>his robe and say, 'Let us</ins> go with <del>you: for</del> <ins>you, because</ins> we have heard that God is with <del>you.</del> <ins>you.'"</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 9:1]</b> The <del>burden of the</del> word of the LORD <del>in</del> <ins>is against</ins> the land of <del>Hadrach,</del> <ins>Hadrach</ins> and <del>Damascus shall be the</del> <ins>will</ins> rest <del>thereof: when</del> <ins>upon Damascus- for</ins> the eyes of <del>man, as of</del> <ins>men and</ins> all the tribes of <del>Israel, shall be toward</del> <ins>Israel are on</ins> the <del>LORD.</del> <ins>LORD -</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 9:2]</b> <del>And Hamath also shall border thereby; Tyrus,</del> and <del>Zidon,</del> <ins>upon Hamath too, which borders on it, and upon Tyre and Sidon,</ins> though <del>it be</del> <ins>they are</ins> very <del>wise.</del> <ins>skillful.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 9:3]</b> <del>And Tyrus did build</del> <ins>Tyre has built</ins> herself a <del>strong hold, and</del> <ins>stronghold; she has</ins> heaped up silver <del>as the</del> <ins>like</ins> dust, and <del>fine</del> gold <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> the <del>mire</del> <ins>dirt</ins> of the streets.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 9:4]</b> <del>Behold,</del> <ins>But</ins> the <del>LORD</del> <ins>Lord</ins> will <del>cast</del> <ins>take away</ins> her <del>out,</del> <ins>possessions</ins> and <del>he will smite</del> <ins>destroy</ins> her power <del>in</del> <ins>on</ins> the <del>sea;</del> <ins>sea,</ins> and she <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be <del>devoured with</del> <ins>consumed by</ins> fire.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 9:5]</b> Ashkelon <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> see <del>it,</del> <ins>it</ins> and fear; Gaza <del>also shall see it,</del> <ins>will writhe in agony,</ins> and <del>be very sorrowful, and Ekron;</del> <ins>Ekron too,</ins> for her <del>expectation shall be ashamed; and the</del> <ins>hope will wither. Gaza will lose her</ins> king <del>shall perish from Gaza,</del> and Ashkelon <del>shall not</del> <ins>will</ins> be <del>inhabited.</del> <ins>deserted.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 9:6]</b> <del>And a bastard shall dwell in</del> <ins>Foreigners will occupy</ins> Ashdod, and I will cut off the pride of the Philistines.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 9:7]</b> <del>And</del> I will take <del>away his</del> <ins>the</ins> blood <del>out of his mouth, and his abominations</del> <ins>from their mouths, the forbidden food</ins> from between <del>his teeth: but he that remaineth, even he, shall be for</del> <ins>their teeth. Those who are left will belong to</ins> our <del>God,</del> <ins>God</ins> and <del>he shall be as a governor</del> <ins>become leaders</ins> in Judah, and Ekron <del>as a Jebusite.</del> <ins>will be like the Jebusites.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 9:8]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>But</ins> I will <del>encamp about mine</del> <ins>defend my</ins> house <del>because of the army, because of him that passeth by, and because of him that returneth: and no</del> <ins>against marauding forces. Never again will an</ins> oppressor <del>shall pass through them any more:</del> <ins>overrun my people,</ins> for now <del>have</del> I <del>seen with mine eyes.</del> <ins>am keeping watch.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 9:9]</b> Rejoice greatly, O <del>daughter</del> <ins>Daughter</ins> of <del>Zion; shout, O daughter</del> <ins>Zion! Shout, Daughter</ins> of <del>Jerusalem: behold, thy King cometh unto thee: he is just,</del> <ins>Jerusalem! See, your king comes to you, righteous</ins> and having <del>salvation; lowly,</del> <ins>salvation, gentle</ins> and riding <del>upon an ass, and upon</del> <ins>on</ins> a <del>colt</del> <ins>donkey, on a colt,</ins> the foal of <del>an ass.</del> <ins>a donkey.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 9:10]</b> <del>And</del> I will <del>cut off</del> <ins>take away</ins> the <del>chariot</del> <ins>chariots</ins> from <del>Ephraim,</del> <ins>Ephraim</ins> and the <del>horse</del> <ins>war-horses</ins> from Jerusalem, and the battle bow <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be <del>cut off: and he shall speak</del> <ins>broken. He will proclaim</ins> peace <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>heathen: and his dominion shall be</del> <ins>nations. His rule will extend</ins> from sea <del>even</del> to <del>sea,</del> <ins>sea</ins> and from the <del>river even</del> <ins>River</ins> to the ends of the earth.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 9:11]</b> As for <del>thee also, by</del> <ins>you, because of</ins> the blood of <del>thy</del> <ins>my</ins> covenant <ins>with you,</ins> I <del>have sent forth thy</del> <ins>will free your</ins> prisoners <del>out of</del> <ins>from</ins> the <del>pit wherein is no water.</del> <ins>waterless pit.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 9:12]</b> <del>Turn you</del> <ins>Return</ins> to <del>the strong hold, ye</del> <ins>your fortress, O</ins> prisoners of <del>hope:</del> <ins>hope;</ins> even <del>to day do</del> <ins>now</ins> I <del>declare</del> <ins>announce</ins> that I will <del>render double unto thee;</del> <ins>restore twice as much to you.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 9:13]</b> <del>When</del> I <del>have bent</del> <ins>will bend</ins> Judah <del>for me, filled the</del> <ins>as I bend my</ins> bow <del>with Ephraim,</del> and <del>raised up thy</del> <ins>fill it with Ephraim. I will rouse your</ins> sons, O Zion, against <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> sons, O Greece, and <del>made thee as the sword of</del> <ins>make you like</ins> a <del>mighty man.</del> <ins>warrior's sword.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 9:14]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> the LORD <del>shall be seen</del> <ins>will appear</ins> over <del>them, and</del> <ins>them;</ins> his arrow <del>shall go forth as the lightning: and the</del> <ins>will flash like lightning. The Sovereign</ins> LORD <del>God shall blow</del> <ins>will sound</ins> the <del>trumpet, and shall go with whirlwinds</del> <ins>trumpet; he will march in the storms</ins> of the <del>south.</del> <ins>south,</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 9:15]</b> <del>The LORD of hosts shall defend them;</del> and <del>they shall devour,</del> <ins>the LORD Almighty will shield them. They will destroy</ins> and <del>subdue</del> <ins>overcome</ins> with <del>sling stones;</del> <ins>slingstones. They will drink</ins> and <del>they shall drink, and make a noise</del> <ins>roar</ins> as <del>through</del> <ins>with</ins> wine; <del>and</del> they <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be <del>filled</del> <ins>full</ins> like <del>bowls, and as</del> <ins>a bowl used for sprinkling</ins> the corners of the altar.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 9:16]</b> <del>And the</del> <ins>The</ins> LORD their God <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> save them <del>in</del> <ins>on</ins> that day as the flock of his <del>people: for they shall be as the stones of a crown, lifted up as an ensign upon</del> <ins>people. They will sparkle in</ins> his <del>land.</del> <ins>land like jewels in a crown.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 9:17]</b> <del>For how great is his goodness,</del> <ins>How attractive</ins> and <del>how great is his beauty! corn shall</del> <ins>beautiful they will be! Grain will</ins> make the young men <del>cheerful,</del> <ins>thrive,</ins> and new wine the <del>maids.</del> <ins>young women.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 10:1]</b> Ask <del>ye of</del> the LORD <ins>for</ins> rain in the <del>time of the latter rain; so</del> <ins>springtime; it is</ins> the LORD <del>shall make bright clouds, and give them</del> <ins>who makes the storm clouds. He gives</ins> showers of <del>rain,</del> <ins>rain</ins> to <del>every one grass in</del> <ins>men, and plants of</ins> the <del>field.</del> <ins>field to everyone.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 10:2]</b> <del>For the</del> <ins>The</ins> idols <del>have spoken vanity, and the</del> <ins>speak deceit,</ins> diviners <del>have seen a lie, and have told false dreams;</del> <ins>see visions that lie;</ins> they <ins>tell dreams that are false, they give</ins> comfort in <del>vain: therefore they went their way as</del> <ins>vain. Therefore the people wander like sheep oppressed for lack of</ins> a <del>flock, they were troubled, because there was no</del> shepherd.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 10:3]</b> <del>Mine</del> <ins>"My</ins> anger <del>was kindled</del> <ins>burns</ins> against the shepherds, and I <del>punished</del> <ins>will punish</ins> the <del>goats:</del> <ins>leaders;</ins> for the LORD <del>of hosts hath visited</del> <ins>Almighty will care for</ins> his <del>flock</del> <ins>flock,</ins> the house of Judah, and <del>hath made</del> <ins>make</ins> them <del>as his goodly</del> <ins>like a proud</ins> horse in <del>the</del> battle.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 10:4]</b> <del>Out of him came forth</del> <ins>From Judah will come</ins> the <del>corner, out of</del> <ins>cornerstone, from</ins> him the <del>nail, out of</del> <ins>tent peg, from</ins> him the battle bow, <del>out of</del> <ins>from</ins> him every <del>oppressor together.</del> <ins>ruler.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 10:5]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Together</ins> they <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> mighty <del>men, which tread down their enemies in</del> <ins>men trampling</ins> the <del>mire of the</del> <ins>muddy</ins> streets in <del>the battle: and they shall fight, because</del> <ins>battle. Because</ins> the LORD is with them, <ins>they will fight</ins> and <ins>overthrow</ins> the <del>riders on horses shall be confounded.</del> <ins>horsemen.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 10:6]</b> <del>And I</del> <ins>"I</ins> will strengthen the house of <del>Judah,</del> <ins>Judah</ins> and <del>I will</del> save the house of <del>Joseph, and</del> <ins>Joseph.</ins> I will <del>bring</del> <ins>restore</ins> them <del>again to place them; for</del> <ins>because</ins> I have <del>mercy upon them: and they shall</del> <ins>compassion on them. They will</ins> be as though I had not <del>cast them off:</del> <ins>rejected them,</ins> for I am the LORD their <del>God,</del> <ins>God</ins> and <ins>I</ins> will <del>hear</del> <ins>answer</ins> them.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 10:7]</b> <del>And they of Ephraim shall be</del> <ins>The Ephraimites will become</ins> like <del>a</del> mighty <del>man,</del> <ins>men,</ins> and their <del>heart shall rejoice</del> <ins>hearts will be glad</ins> as <del>through wine: yea, their</del> <ins>with wine. Their</ins> children <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> see <del>it,</del> <ins>it</ins> and be <del>glad;</del> <ins>joyful;</ins> their <del>heart shall</del> <ins>hearts will</ins> rejoice in the LORD.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 10:8]</b> I will <del>hiss</del> <ins>signal</ins> for <del>them,</del> <ins>them</ins> and gather <del>them; for</del> <ins>them in. Surely</ins> I <del>have redeemed them: and</del> <ins>will redeem them;</ins> they <del>shall increase</del> <ins>will be</ins> as <del>they have increased.</del> <ins>numerous as before.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 10:9]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Though</ins> I <del>will sow</del> <ins>scatter</ins> them among the <del>people:</del> <ins>peoples, yet in distant lands they will remember me. They and their children will survive,</ins> and they <del>shall remember me in far countries; and they shall live with their children, and turn again.</del> <ins>will return.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 10:10]</b> I will bring them <del>again also out of the land of Egypt,</del> <ins>back from Egypt</ins> and gather them <del>out of Assyria; and</del> <ins>from Assyria.</ins> I will bring them <del>into the land of</del> <ins>to</ins> Gilead and <del>Lebanon;</del> <ins>Lebanon,</ins> and <del>place shall</del> <ins>there will</ins> not be <del>found</del> <ins>room enough</ins> for them.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 10:11]</b> <del>And he shall</del> <ins>They will</ins> pass through the sea <del>with affliction, and shall smite</del> <ins>of trouble;</ins> the <del>waves in the sea,</del> <ins>surging sea will be subdued</ins> and all the <del>deeps</del> <ins>depths</ins> of the <del>river shall</del> <ins>Nile will</ins> dry <del>up: and the</del> <ins>up. Assyria's</ins> pride <del>of Assyria shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be brought <del>down,</del> <ins>down</ins> and <del>the sceptre of Egypt shall depart</del> <ins>Egypt's scepter will pass</ins> away.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 10:12]</b> <del>And</del> I will strengthen them in the <del>LORD;</del> <ins>LORD</ins> and <del>they shall walk up and down</del> in his <del>name, saith</del> <ins>name they will walk," declares</ins> the LORD.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 11:1]</b> Open <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> doors, O Lebanon, <ins>so</ins> that <del>the</del> fire may devour <del>thy cedars.</del> <ins>your cedars!</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 11:2]</b> <del>Howl, fir tree;</del> <ins>Wail, O pine tree,</ins> for the cedar <del>is</del> <ins>has</ins> fallen; <del>because</del> the <del>mighty</del> <ins>stately trees</ins> are <del>spoiled: howl, O ye</del> <ins>ruined! Wail,</ins> oaks of Bashan; <del>for</del> the <ins>dense</ins> forest <del>of the vintage is come down.</del> <ins>has been cut down!</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 11:3]</b> <del>There is a voice of</del> <ins>Listen to</ins> the <del>howling</del> <ins>wail</ins> of the shepherds; <del>for</del> their <del>glory is spoiled: a voice</del> <ins>rich pastures are destroyed! Listen to the roar</ins> of the <del>roaring of young</del> lions; <del>for</del> the <del>pride</del> <ins>lush thicket</ins> of <ins>the</ins> Jordan is <del>spoiled.</del> <ins>ruined!</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 11:4]</b> <del>Thus saith</del> <ins>This is what</ins> the LORD my <del>God; Feed</del> <ins>God says: "Pasture</ins> the flock <del>of the slaughter;</del> <ins>marked for slaughter.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 11:5]</b> <del>Whose possessors slay them,</del> <ins>Their buyers slaughter them</ins> and <del>hold themselves not guilty: and they that</del> <ins>go unpunished. Those who</ins> sell them say, <del>Blessed be</del> <ins>'Praise</ins> the <del>LORD; for</del> <ins>LORD,</ins> I am <del>rich: and their</del> <ins>rich!' Their</ins> own shepherds <del>pity them not.</del> <ins>do not spare them.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 11:6]</b> For I will no <del>more</del> <ins>longer have</ins> pity <ins>on</ins> the <del>inhabitants</del> <ins>people</ins> of the <del>land, saith</del> <ins>land," declares</ins> the <del>LORD: but, lo, I</del> <ins>LORD. "I</ins> will <del>deliver the men every one into his neighbour's hand, and into the</del> hand <del>of</del> <ins>everyone over to</ins> his <del>king:</del> <ins>neighbor</ins> and <del>they shall smite</del> <ins>his king. They will oppress</ins> the land, and <del>out of their hand</del> I will not <del>deliver them.</del> <ins>rescue them from their hands."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 11:7]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>So</ins> I <del>will feed</del> <ins>pastured</ins> the flock <del>of</del> <ins>marked for</ins> slaughter, <del>even you, O poor</del> <ins>particularly the oppressed</ins> of the flock. <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> I took <del>unto me</del> two <del>staves; the one I</del> <ins>staffs and</ins> called <del>Beauty,</del> <ins>one Favor</ins> and the other <del>I called Bands;</del> <ins>Union,</ins> and I <del>fed</del> <ins>pastured</ins> the flock.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 11:8]</b> <del>Three shepherds also I cut off in</del> <ins>In</ins> one <del>month;</del> <ins>month I got rid of the three shepherds. The flock detested me,</ins> and <del>my soul lothed them, and their soul also abhorred me.</del> <ins>I grew weary of them</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 11:9]</b> <del>Then said I, I</del> <ins>and said, "I</ins> will not <del>feed you: that that dieth, let it die; and that that is to</del> be <del>cut off, let it be cut off; and let</del> <ins>your shepherd. Let</ins> the <del>rest eat every one</del> <ins>dying die, and</ins> the <del>flesh of another.</del> <ins>perishing perish. Let those who are left eat one another's flesh."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 11:10]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> I took my <del>staff, even Beauty,</del> <ins>staff called Favor</ins> and <del>cut it asunder, that I might break my</del> <ins>broke it, revoking the</ins> covenant <del>which</del> I had made with all the <del>people.</del> <ins>nations.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 11:11]</b> <del>And it</del> <ins>It</ins> was <del>broken in</del> <ins>revoked on</ins> that <del>day:</del> <ins>day,</ins> and so the <del>poor</del> <ins>afflicted</ins> of the flock <del>that waited upon</del> <ins>who were watching</ins> me knew <del>that</del> it was the word of the LORD.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 11:12]</b> <del>And</del> I <del>said unto</del> <ins>told</ins> them, <del>If ye</del> <ins>"If you</ins> think <del>good,</del> <ins>it best,</ins> give me my <del>price; and</del> <ins>pay; but</ins> if not, <del>forbear.</del> <ins>keep it."</ins> So they <del>weighed for my price</del> <ins>paid me</ins> thirty pieces of silver.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 11:13]</b> And the LORD said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me, <del>Cast</del> <ins>"Throw</ins> it <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>potter: a goodly</del> <ins>potter"-the handsome</ins> price <del>that I was prised</del> at <del>of them. And</del> <ins>which they priced me! So</ins> I took the thirty pieces of <del>silver,</del> <ins>silver</ins> and <del>cast</del> <ins>threw</ins> them <del>to the potter in</del> <ins>into</ins> the house of the <del>LORD.</del> <ins>LORD to the potter.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 11:14]</b> Then I <del>cut asunder mine other staff, even Bands, that I might break</del> <ins>broke my second staff called Union, breaking</ins> the brotherhood between Judah and Israel.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 11:15]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> the LORD said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me, <del>Take unto thee yet</del> <ins>"Take again</ins> the <del>instruments</del> <ins>equipment</ins> of a foolish shepherd.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 11:16]</b> <del>For, lo,</del> <ins>For</ins> I <del>will</del> <ins>am going to</ins> raise up a shepherd <del>in</del> <ins>over</ins> the <del>land, which shall</del> <ins>land who will</ins> not <del>visit those that be cut off, neither shall</del> <ins>care for the lost, or</ins> seek the <del>young one, nor</del> <ins>young, or</ins> heal <del>that that is broken, nor</del> <ins>the injured, or</ins> feed <del>that that standeth still:</del> <ins>the healthy,</ins> but <del>he shall</del> <ins>will</ins> eat the <del>flesh</del> <ins>meat</ins> of the <del>fat, and tear</del> <ins>choice sheep, tearing off</ins> their <del>claws in pieces.</del> <ins>hoofs.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 11:17]</b> <del>Woe</del> <ins>"Woe</ins> to the <del>idol shepherd that leaveth</del> <ins>worthless shepherd, who deserts</ins> the flock! <ins>May</ins> the sword <del>shall be upon his arm, and upon his right eye:</del> <ins>strike</ins> his arm <del>shall be clean dried up,</del> and his right <del>eye shall</del> <ins>eye! May his arm</ins> be <del>utterly darkened.</del> <ins>completely withered, his right eye totally blinded!"</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 12:1]</b> <del>The burden of</del> <ins>This is</ins> the word of the LORD <del>for Israel, saith the</del> <ins>concerning Israel. The</ins> LORD, <del>which stretcheth forth</del> <ins>who stretches out</ins> the heavens, <del>and layeth</del> <ins>who lays</ins> the foundation of the earth, and <del>formeth</del> <ins>who forms</ins> the spirit of man within <del>him.</del> <ins>him, declares:</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 12:2]</b> <del>Behold, I will</del> <ins>"I am going to</ins> make Jerusalem a cup <del>of trembling unto</del> <ins>that sends</ins> all the <del>people round about, when they shall be in the siege both against</del> <ins>surrounding peoples reeling.</ins> Judah <del>and against</del> <ins>will be besieged as well as</ins> Jerusalem.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 12:3]</b> <del>And in</del> <ins>On</ins> that <del>day will I make Jerusalem a burdensome stone for all people: all that burden themselves with it shall be cut in pieces, though</del> <ins>day, when</ins> all the <del>people</del> <ins>nations</ins> of the earth <del>be</del> <ins>are</ins> gathered <del>together</del> against <del>it.</del> <ins>her, I will make Jerusalem an immovable rock for all the nations. All who try to move it will injure themselves.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 12:4]</b> <del>In</del> <ins>On</ins> that <del>day, saith the LORD,</del> <ins>day</ins> I will <del>smite</del> <ins>strike</ins> every horse with <del>astonishment,</del> <ins>panic</ins> and <del>his</del> <ins>its</ins> rider with <del>madness: and I</del> <ins>madness," declares the LORD. "I</ins> will <del>open mine eyes upon</del> <ins>keep a watchful eye over</ins> the house of Judah, <del>and</del> <ins>but I</ins> will <del>smite every horse</del> <ins>blind all the horses</ins> of the <del>people with blindness.</del> <ins>nations.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 12:5]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> the <del>governors</del> <ins>leaders</ins> of Judah <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> say in their <del>heart, The inhabitants</del> <ins>hearts, 'The people</ins> of Jerusalem <del>shall be my strength in</del> <ins>are strong, because</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts</del> <ins>Almighty is</ins> their <del>God.</del> <ins>God.'</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 12:6]</b> <del>In</del> <ins>"On</ins> that day <del>will</del> I <ins>will</ins> make the <del>governors</del> <ins>leaders</ins> of Judah like <del>an hearth of fire among the wood, and like</del> a <del>torch of fire</del> <ins>firepot</ins> in a <del>sheaf;</del> <ins>woodpile, like a flaming torch among sheaves. They will consume right</ins> and <del>they shall devour</del> <ins>left</ins> all the <del>people round about, on the right hand and on the left: and</del> <ins>surrounding peoples, but</ins> Jerusalem <del>shall be inhabited again</del> <ins>will remain intact</ins> in her <del>own place, even in Jerusalem.</del> <ins>place.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 12:7]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>"The</ins> LORD <del>also shall</del> <ins>will</ins> save the <del>tents</del> <ins>dwellings</ins> of Judah first, <ins>so</ins> that the <del>glory</del> <ins>honor</ins> of the house of David and <del>the glory</del> of <del>the</del> <ins>Jerusalem's</ins> inhabitants <del>of Jerusalem do</del> <ins>may</ins> not <del>magnify themselves against</del> <ins>be greater than that of</ins> Judah.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 12:8]</b> <del>In</del> <ins>On</ins> that day <del>shall</del> the LORD <del>defend the inhabitants of Jerusalem; and he</del> <ins>will shield those who live in Jerusalem, so</ins> that <del>is feeble</del> <ins>the feeblest</ins> among them <del>at that day shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be <del>as David;</del> <ins>like David,</ins> and the house of David <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> God, <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> the <del>angel</del> <ins>Angel</ins> of the LORD <ins>going</ins> before them.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 12:9]</b> <del>And it shall come to pass in</del> <ins>On</ins> that <del>day, that</del> <ins>day</ins> I will <del>seek</del> <ins>set out</ins> to destroy all the nations that <del>come against</del> <ins>attack</ins> Jerusalem.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 12:10]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>"And</ins> I will pour <del>upon</del> <ins>out on</ins> the house of <del>David,</del> <ins>David</ins> and <del>upon</del> the inhabitants of <del>Jerusalem, the</del> <ins>Jerusalem a</ins> spirit of grace and <del>of supplications: and they shall</del> <ins>supplication. They will</ins> look <del>upon me whom</del> <ins>on me, the one</ins> they have pierced, and they <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> mourn for <del>him,</del> <ins>him</ins> as one <del>mourneth</del> <ins>mourns</ins> for <del>his</del> <ins>an</ins> only <del>son,</del> <ins>child,</ins> and <del>shall be in bitterness</del> <ins>grieve bitterly</ins> for <del>him,</del> <ins>him</ins> as one <del>that is in bitterness</del> <ins>grieves</ins> for <del>his firstborn.</del> <ins>a firstborn son.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 12:11]</b> <del>In</del> <ins>On</ins> that day <del>shall there be a great mourning in Jerusalem, as</del> the <del>mourning</del> <ins>weeping in Jerusalem will be great, like the weeping</ins> of <del>Hadadrimmon</del> <ins>Hadad Rimmon</ins> in the <del>valley</del> <ins>plain</ins> of <del>Megiddon.</del> <ins>Megiddo.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 12:12]</b> <del>And the</del> <ins>The</ins> land <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> mourn, <del>every family apart;</del> <ins>each clan by itself, with their wives by themselves:</ins> the <del>family</del> <ins>clan</ins> of the house of David <del>apart,</del> and their <del>wives apart;</del> <ins>wives,</ins> the <del>family</del> <ins>clan</ins> of the house of Nathan <del>apart,</del> and their <del>wives apart;</del> <ins>wives,</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 12:13]</b> <del>The family</del> <ins>the clan</ins> of the house of Levi <del>apart,</del> and their <del>wives apart;</del> <ins>wives,</ins> the <del>family</del> <ins>clan</ins> of Shimei <del>apart,</del> and their <del>wives apart;</del> <ins>wives,</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 12:14]</b> <del>All</del> <ins>and all</ins> the <del>families that remain, every family apart,</del> <ins>rest of the clans</ins> and their <del>wives apart.</del> <ins>wives.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 13:1]</b> <del>In</del> <ins>"On</ins> that day <del>there shall be</del> a fountain <ins>will be</ins> opened to the house of David and <del>to</del> the inhabitants of <del>Jerusalem for</del> <ins>Jerusalem, to cleanse them from</ins> sin and <del>for uncleanness.</del> <ins>impurity.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 13:2]</b> <del>And it shall come to pass in</del> <ins>"On</ins> that day, <del>saith the LORD of hosts, that</del> I will <del>cut off</del> <ins>banish</ins> the names of the idols <del>out of</del> <ins>from</ins> the land, and they <del>shall no more be remembered: and also I</del> will <del>cause</del> <ins>be remembered no more," declares the LORD Almighty. "I will remove both</ins> the prophets and the <del>unclean</del> spirit <del>to pass out</del> of <ins>impurity from</ins> the land.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 13:3]</b> And <del>it shall come to pass, that when any shall yet prophesy, then</del> <ins>if anyone still prophesies,</ins> his father and <del>his mother that begat him shall</del> <ins>mother, to whom he was born, will</ins> say <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> him, <del>Thou shalt not live; for thou speakest</del> <ins>'You must die, because you have told</ins> lies in the <del>name of the LORD: and his father and his mother that begat him shall thrust him through when</del> <ins>LORD's name.' When</ins> he <del>prophesieth.</del> <ins>prophesies, his own parents will stab him.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 13:4]</b> <del>And it shall come to pass in</del> <ins>"On</ins> that <del>day, that the prophets shall</del> <ins>day every prophet will</ins> be ashamed <del>every one</del> of his <del>vision, when he hath prophesied; neither shall they wear</del> <ins>prophetic vision. He will not put on</ins> a <del>rough</del> <ins>prophet's</ins> garment <ins>of hair in order</ins> to <del>deceive:</del> <ins>deceive.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 13:5]</b> <del>But he shall</del> <ins>He will</ins> say, <ins>'I am not a prophet.</ins> I am <del>no prophet, I am an husbandman; for man taught me to keep cattle from</del> <ins>a farmer; the land has been my livelihood since</ins> my youth. <ins>'</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 13:6]</b> <del>And one shall say unto</del> <ins>If someone asks</ins> him, <del>What</del> <ins>'What</ins> are these wounds <del>in thine hands? Then</del> <ins>on your body?'</ins> he <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> answer, <del>Those with which</del> <ins>'The wounds</ins> I was <del>wounded in</del> <ins>given at</ins> the house of my <del>friends.</del> <ins>friends.'</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 13:7]</b> <del>Awake,</del> <ins>"Awake,</ins> O sword, against my shepherd, <del>and</del> against the man <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> is <del>my fellow, saith</del> <ins>close to me!" declares</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts: smite</del> <ins>Almighty. "Strike</ins> the shepherd, and the sheep <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be <del>scattered:</del> <ins>scattered,</ins> and I will turn <del>mine</del> <ins>my</ins> hand <del>upon</del> <ins>against</ins> the little ones.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 13:8]</b> <del>And it shall come to pass, that in all</del> <ins>In</ins> the <del>land, saith</del> <ins>whole land," declares</ins> the LORD, <del>two parts therein shall</del> <ins>"two-thirds will</ins> be <del>cut off</del> <ins>struck down</ins> and <del>die; but the third shall</del> <ins>perish; yet one-third will</ins> be left <del>therein.</del> <ins>in it.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 13:9]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>This third</ins> I will bring <ins>into</ins> the <del>third part through the fire, and</del> <ins>fire; I</ins> will refine them <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> silver <del>is refined,</del> and <del>will try</del> <ins>test</ins> them <del>as gold is tried: they shall</del> <ins>like gold. They will</ins> call on my <del>name,</del> <ins>name</ins> and I will <del>hear them:</del> <ins>answer them;</ins> I will say, <del>It is</del> <ins>'They are</ins> my <del>people:</del> <ins>people,'</ins> and they <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> say, <del>The</del> <ins>'The</ins> LORD is <del>my God.</del> <ins>our God.'"</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 14:1]</b> <del>Behold, the</del> <ins>A</ins> day of the LORD <del>cometh, and thy spoil shall</del> <ins>is coming when your plunder will</ins> be divided <del>in the midst of thee.</del> <ins>among you.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 14:2]</b> <del>For</del> I will gather all <ins>the</ins> nations <del>against</del> <ins>to</ins> Jerusalem to <del>battle; and</del> <ins>fight against it;</ins> the city <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be <del>taken, and</del> <ins>captured,</ins> the houses <del>rifled,</del> <ins>ransacked,</ins> and the women <del>ravished; and half</del> <ins>raped. Half</ins> of the city <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> go <del>forth</del> into <del>captivity, and</del> <ins>exile, but</ins> the <del>residue</del> <ins>rest</ins> of the people <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> not be <del>cut off</del> <ins>taken</ins> from the city.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 14:3]</b> Then <del>shall</del> the LORD <ins>will</ins> go <del>forth,</del> <ins>out</ins> and fight against those nations, as <del>when</del> he <del>fought</del> <ins>fights</ins> in the day of battle.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 14:4]</b> <del>And his feet shall stand in</del> <ins>On</ins> that day <del>upon the mount of Olives, which is before Jerusalem</del> <ins>his feet will stand</ins> on the <del>east,</del> <ins>Mount of Olives, east of Jerusalem,</ins> and the <del>mount</del> <ins>Mount</ins> of Olives <del>shall cleave in the midst thereof toward the east and toward the west, and there shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be <ins>split in two from east to west, forming</ins> a <del>very</del> great <del>valley; and</del> <ins>valley, with</ins> half of the mountain <del>shall remove toward the north,</del> <ins>moving north</ins> and half <del>of it toward the</del> <ins>moving</ins> south.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 14:5]</b> <del>And ye shall</del> <ins>You will</ins> flee <del>to the valley of the mountains;</del> <ins>by my mountain valley,</ins> for <del>the valley of the mountains shall reach unto Azal: yea, ye shall flee, like</del> <ins>it will extend to Azel. You will flee</ins> as <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> fled from <del>before</del> the earthquake in the days of Uzziah king of <del>Judah: and</del> <ins>Judah. Then</ins> the LORD my God <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> come, and all the <del>saints</del> <ins>holy ones</ins> with <del>thee.</del> <ins>him.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 14:6]</b> <del>And it shall come to pass in</del> <ins>On</ins> that <del>day, that the light shall not</del> <ins>day there will</ins> be <del>clear, nor dark:</del> <ins>no light, no cold or frost.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 14:7]</b> <del>But it shall</del> <ins>It will</ins> be <del>one</del> <ins>a unique day, without daytime or nighttime-a</ins> day <del>which shall be</del> known to the <del>LORD, not day, nor night: but it shall come to pass, that at</del> <ins>LORD. When</ins> evening <del>time it shall</del> <ins>comes, there will</ins> be light.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 14:8]</b> <del>And it shall be in</del> <ins>On</ins> that <del>day, that</del> <ins>day</ins> living <del>waters shall go</del> <ins>water will flow</ins> out from <del>Jerusalem;</del> <ins>Jerusalem,</ins> half <del>of them toward</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>former sea,</del> <ins>eastern sea</ins> and half <del>of them toward</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>hinder sea:</del> <ins>western sea,</ins> in summer and in <del>winter shall it be.</del> <ins>winter.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 14:9]</b> <del>And the</del> <ins>The</ins> LORD <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be king over <del>all</del> the <del>earth: in</del> <ins>whole earth. On</ins> that day <del>shall</del> there <ins>will</ins> be one LORD, and his name <del>one.</del> <ins>the only name.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 14:10]</b> <del>All the land shall be turned as a plain</del> <ins>The whole land,</ins> from Geba to <del>Rimmon</del> <ins>Rimmon,</ins> south of <del>Jerusalem: and it shall</del> <ins>Jerusalem, will become like the Arabah. But Jerusalem will</ins> be <del>lifted up,</del> <ins>raised up</ins> and <del>inhabited</del> <ins>remain</ins> in <del>her</del> <ins>its</ins> place, from <del>Benjamin's gate unto</del> the <del>place</del> <ins>Benjamin Gate to the site</ins> of the <del>first gate, unto</del> <ins>First Gate, to</ins> the <del>corner gate,</del> <ins>Corner Gate,</ins> and from the <del>tower</del> <ins>Tower</ins> of <del>Hananeel unto</del> <ins>Hananel to</ins> the <del>king's</del> <ins>royal</ins> winepresses.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 14:11]</b> <del>And men shall dwell in it, and there shall</del> <ins>It will</ins> be <del>no more utter destruction; but Jerusalem shall</del> <ins>inhabited; never again will it</ins> be <del>safely inhabited.</del> <ins>destroyed. Jerusalem will be secure.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 14:12]</b> <del>And this shall be</del> <ins>This is</ins> the plague <del>wherewith</del> <ins>with which</ins> the LORD will <del>smite</del> <ins>strike</ins> all the <del>people</del> <ins>nations</ins> that <del>have</del> fought against <del>Jerusalem;</del> <ins>Jerusalem:</ins> Their flesh <del>shall consume away</del> <ins>will rot</ins> while they <del>stand upon</del> <ins>are still standing on</ins> their feet, <del>and</del> their eyes <del>shall consume away</del> <ins>will rot</ins> in their <del>holes,</del> <ins>sockets,</ins> and their <del>tongue shall consume away</del> <ins>tongues will rot</ins> in their <del>mouth.</del> <ins>mouths.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 14:13]</b> <del>And it shall come to pass in</del> <ins>On</ins> that <del>day, that a great tumult from</del> <ins>day men will be stricken by</ins> the LORD <del>shall be among them; and they shall lay hold every one on</del> <ins>with great panic. Each man will seize</ins> the hand of <del>his neighbour,</del> <ins>another,</ins> and <del>his hand shall rise up against the hand of his neighbour.</del> <ins>they will attack each other.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 14:14]</b> <del>And</del> Judah <del>also shall</del> <ins>too will</ins> fight at <del>Jerusalem; and the</del> <ins>Jerusalem. The</ins> wealth of all the <del>heathen round about shall</del> <ins>surrounding nations will</ins> be <del>gathered together, gold,</del> <ins>collected-great quantities of gold</ins> and <del>silver,</del> <ins>silver</ins> and <del>apparel, in great abundance.</del> <ins>clothing.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 14:15]</b> <del>And so shall be the</del> <ins>A similar</ins> plague <del>of</del> <ins>will strike</ins> the <del>horse, of the mule, of the camel,</del> <ins>horses</ins> and <del>of</del> <ins>mules,</ins> the <del>ass,</del> <ins>camels</ins> and <del>of</del> <ins>donkeys, and</ins> all the <del>beasts that shall be</del> <ins>animals</ins> in <del>these tents, as this plague.</del> <ins>those camps.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 14:16]</b> <del>And it shall come to pass, that every one that is left of</del> <ins>Then the survivors from</ins> all the nations <del>which came against</del> <ins>that have attacked</ins> Jerusalem <del>shall even</del> <ins>will</ins> go up <del>from</del> year <del>to</del> <ins>after</ins> year to worship the King, the LORD <del>of hosts,</del> <ins>Almighty,</ins> and to <del>keep</del> <ins>celebrate</ins> the <del>feast</del> <ins>Feast</ins> of <del>tabernacles.</del> <ins>Tabernacles.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 14:17]</b> <del>And it shall be, that whoso will not come up</del> <ins>If any</ins> of <del>all</del> the <del>families</del> <ins>peoples</ins> of the earth <del>unto</del> <ins>do not go up to</ins> Jerusalem to worship the King, the LORD <del>of hosts, even upon them shall be</del> <ins>Almighty, they will have</ins> no rain.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 14:18]</b> <del>And if</del> <ins>If</ins> the <del>family of Egypt go</del> <ins>Egyptian people do</ins> not <del>up,</del> <ins>go up</ins> and <del>come not, that</del> <ins>take part, they will</ins> have no <del>rain; there shall be the plague, wherewith the</del> <ins>rain. The</ins> LORD will <del>smite</del> <ins>bring on them</ins> the <del>heathen</del> <ins>plague he inflicts on the nations</ins> that <del>come</del> <ins>do</ins> not <ins>go</ins> up to <del>keep</del> <ins>celebrate</ins> the <del>feast</del> <ins>Feast</ins> of <del>tabernacles.</del> <ins>Tabernacles.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 14:19]</b> This <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be the punishment of <del>Egypt,</del> <ins>Egypt</ins> and the punishment of all <ins>the</ins> nations that <del>come</del> <ins>do</ins> not <ins>go</ins> up to <del>keep</del> <ins>celebrate</ins> the <del>feast</del> <ins>Feast</ins> of <del>tabernacles.</del> <ins>Tabernacles.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 14:20]</b> <del>In</del> <ins>On</ins> that <del>day shall there</del> <ins>dayHOLY TO THE LORD will</ins> be <del>upon</del> <ins>inscribed on</ins> the bells of the horses, <del>HOLINESS UNTO THE LORD;</del> and the <ins>cooking</ins> pots in the LORD's house <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be like the <ins>sacred</ins> bowls <del>before</del> <ins>in front of</ins> the altar.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 14:21]</b> <del>Yea, every</del> <ins>Every</ins> pot in Jerusalem and <del>in</del> Judah <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be <del>holiness unto</del> <ins>holy to</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts:</del> <ins>Almighty,</ins> and all <del>they that sacrifice shall</del> <ins>who</ins> come <del>and</del> <ins>to sacrifice will</ins> take <ins>some</ins> of <del>them,</del> <ins>the pots</ins> and <del>seethe therein: and</del> <ins>cook</ins> in <ins>them. And on</ins> that day there <del>shall be</del> <ins>will</ins> no <del>more the</del> <ins>longer be a</ins> Canaanite in the house of the LORD <del>of hosts.</del> <ins>Almighty.</ins></p>