<p><b>[Zephaniah 1:1]</b> The word of the LORD <del>which</del> <ins>that</ins> came <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> Zephaniah <del>the</del> son of Cushi, the son of Gedaliah, the son of Amariah, the son of <del>Hizkiah, in</del> <ins>Hezekiah, during</ins> the <del>days</del> <ins>reign</ins> of Josiah <del>the</del> son of <del>Amon,</del> <ins>Amon</ins> king of <del>Judah.</del> <ins>Judah:</ins></p><p><b>[Zephaniah 1:2]</b> <del>I</del> <ins>"I</ins> will <del>utterly consume all things</del> <ins>sweep away everything</ins> from <del>off</del> the <del>land, saith</del> <ins>face of the earth," declares</ins> the LORD.</p><p><b>[Zephaniah 1:3]</b> <ins>"I will sweep away both men and animals;</ins> I will <del>consume man and beast; I will consume</del> <ins>sweep away</ins> the <del>fowls</del> <ins>birds</ins> of the <del>heaven,</del> <ins>air</ins> and the <del>fishes</del> <ins>fish</ins> of the <del>sea, and the stumbling blocks with the wicked: and I</del> <ins>sea. The wicked</ins> will <ins>have only heaps of rubble when I</ins> cut off man from <del>off</del> the <del>land, saith</del> <ins>face of the earth," declares</ins> the LORD.</p><p><b>[Zephaniah 1:4]</b> <del>I</del> <ins>"I</ins> will <del>also</del> stretch out <del>mine</del> <ins>my</ins> hand <del>upon Judah,</del> <ins>against Judah</ins> and <del>upon</del> <ins>against</ins> all <del>the inhabitants of Jerusalem; and</del> <ins>who live in Jerusalem.</ins> I will cut off <del>the remnant of Baal</del> from this <del>place, and</del> <ins>place every remnant of Baal,</ins> the <del>name</del> <ins>names</ins> of the <del>Chemarims with</del> <ins>pagan and</ins> the <del>priests;</del> <ins>idolatrous priests-</ins></p><p><b>[Zephaniah 1:5]</b> <del>And them that</del> <ins>those who bow down on the roofs to</ins> worship the <del>host of heaven upon the housetops;</del> <ins>starry host, those who bow down</ins> and <del>them that worship and that</del> swear by the <del>LORD,</del> <ins>LORD</ins> and <del>that</del> <ins>who also</ins> swear by <del>Malcham;</del> <ins>Molech,</ins></p><p><b>[Zephaniah 1:6]</b> <del>And them that are turned</del> <ins>those who turn</ins> back from <ins>following</ins> the <del>LORD;</del> <ins>LORD</ins> and <del>those that have not sought</del> <ins>neither seek</ins> the <del>LORD,</del> <ins>LORD</ins> nor <del>enquired for</del> <ins>inquire of</ins> him.</p><p><b>[Zephaniah 1:7]</b> <del>Hold thy peace at</del> <ins>Be silent before</ins> the <del>presence of the Lord GOD:</del> <ins>Sovereign LORD,</ins> for the day of the LORD is <del>at hand: for the</del> <ins>near. The</ins> LORD <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> prepared a <del>sacrifice,</del> <ins>sacrifice;</ins> he <del>hath bid his guests.</del> <ins>has consecrated those he has invited.</ins></p><p><b>[Zephaniah 1:8]</b> <del>And it shall come to pass in</del> <ins>On</ins> the day of the LORD's <del>sacrifice, that</del> <ins>sacrifice</ins> I will punish the <del>princes,</del> <ins>princes</ins> and the king's <del>children,</del> <ins>sons</ins> and all <del>such as are clothed with strange apparel.</del> <ins>those clad in foreign clothes.</ins></p><p><b>[Zephaniah 1:9]</b> <del>In the same</del> <ins>On that</ins> day <del>also will</del> I <ins>will</ins> punish all <del>those that leap</del> <ins>who avoid stepping</ins> on the threshold, <del>which</del> <ins>who</ins> fill <ins>the temple of</ins> their <del>masters' houses</del> <ins>gods</ins> with violence and deceit.</p><p><b>[Zephaniah 1:10]</b> <del>And it shall come to pass in</del> <ins>"On</ins> that <del>day, saith</del> <ins>day," declares</ins> the LORD, <del>that there shall be the noise of a</del> <ins>"a</ins> cry <ins>will go up</ins> from the <del>fish gate, and an howling</del> <ins>Fish Gate, wailing</ins> from the <del>second,</del> <ins>New Quarter,</ins> and a <del>great crashing</del> <ins>loud crash</ins> from the hills.</p><p><b>[Zephaniah 1:11]</b> <del>Howl, ye inhabitants of Maktesh, for all</del> <ins>Wail, you who live in</ins> the <del>merchant people are cut down;</del> <ins>market district;</ins> all <del>they that bear</del> <ins>your merchants will be wiped out, all who trade with</ins> silver <del>are cut off.</del> <ins>will be ruined.</ins></p><p><b>[Zephaniah 1:12]</b> <del>And it shall come to pass at</del> <ins>At</ins> that <del>time, that</del> <ins>time</ins> I will search Jerusalem with <del>candles,</del> <ins>lamps</ins> and punish <del>the men that</del> <ins>those who</ins> are <del>settled</del> <ins>complacent, who are like wine left</ins> on <del>their lees: that say in their heart, The</del> <ins>its dregs, who think, 'The</ins> LORD will <del>not</del> do <del>good, neither will he do evil.</del> <ins>nothing, either good or bad.'</ins></p><p><b>[Zephaniah 1:13]</b> <del>Therefore their goods shall become a booty, and</del> <ins>Their wealth will be plundered,</ins> their houses <del>a desolation: they shall also</del> <ins>demolished. They will</ins> build <del>houses,</del> <ins>houses</ins> but not <del>inhabit</del> <ins>live in</ins> them; <del>and</del> they <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> plant <del>vineyards,</del> <ins>vineyards</ins> but not drink the <del>wine thereof.</del> <ins>wine.</ins></p><p><b>[Zephaniah 1:14]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>"The</ins> great day of the LORD is <del>near, it is near,</del> <ins>near- near</ins> and <del>hasteth greatly, even the voice of</del> <ins>coming quickly. Listen! The cry on</ins> the day of the <del>LORD:</del> <ins>LORD will be bitter,</ins> the <del>mighty man shall cry there bitterly.</del> <ins>shouting of the warrior there.</ins></p><p><b>[Zephaniah 1:15]</b> That day <del>is</del> <ins>will be</ins> a day of wrath, a day of <del>trouble</del> <ins>distress</ins> and <del>distress,</del> <ins>anguish,</ins> a day of <del>wasteness</del> <ins>trouble</ins> and <del>desolation,</del> <ins>ruin,</ins> a day of darkness and <del>gloominess,</del> <ins>gloom,</ins> a day of clouds and <del>thick darkness,</del> <ins>blackness,</ins></p><p><b>[Zephaniah 1:16]</b> <del>A</del> <ins>a</ins> day of <del>the</del> trumpet and <del>alarm</del> <ins>battle cry</ins> against the <del>fenced cities,</del> <ins>fortified cities</ins> and against the <del>high</del> <ins>corner</ins> towers.</p><p><b>[Zephaniah 1:17]</b> <del>And</del> I will bring distress <del>upon men, that</del> <ins>on the people and</ins> they <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> walk like blind men, because they have sinned against the <del>LORD: and their</del> <ins>LORD. Their</ins> blood <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be poured out <del>as dust,</del> <ins>like dust</ins> and their <del>flesh as the dung.</del> <ins>entrails like filth.</ins></p><p><b>[Zephaniah 1:18]</b> Neither their silver nor their gold <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be able to <del>deliver</del> <ins>save</ins> them <del>in</del> <ins>on</ins> the day of the LORD's <del>wrath; but the whole land shall be devoured by</del> <ins>wrath. In</ins> the fire of his <del>jealousy:</del> <ins>jealousy the whole world will be consumed,</ins> for he <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> make <del>even</del> a <del>speedy riddance</del> <ins>sudden end</ins> of all <del>them that dwell</del> <ins>who live</ins> in the <del>land.</del> <ins>earth."</ins></p><p><b>[Zephaniah 2:1]</b> Gather <del>yourselves</del> together, <del>yea,</del> gather together, O <del>nation not desired;</del> <ins>shameful nation,</ins></p><p><b>[Zephaniah 2:2]</b> <del>Before the decree bring forth,</del> before the <ins>appointed time arrives and that</ins> day <del>pass as the</del> <ins>sweeps on like</ins> chaff, before the fierce anger of the LORD <del>come</del> <ins>comes</ins> upon you, before the day of the LORD's <del>anger come</del> <ins>wrath comes</ins> upon you.</p><p><b>[Zephaniah 2:3]</b> Seek <del>ye</del> the LORD, all <del>ye meek</del> <ins>you humble</ins> of the <del>earth, which have wrought his judgment; seek</del> <ins>land, you who do what he commands. Seek</ins> righteousness, seek <del>meekness: it may</del> <ins>humility; perhaps you will</ins> be <del>ye shall be hid in</del> <ins>sheltered on</ins> the day of the LORD's anger.</p><p><b>[Zephaniah 2:4]</b> <del>For</del> Gaza <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be <del>forsaken,</del> <ins>abandoned</ins> and Ashkelon <del>a desolation: they shall drive out</del> <ins>left in ruins. At midday</ins> Ashdod <del>at the noon day,</del> <ins>will be emptied</ins> and Ekron <del>shall be rooted up.</del> <ins>uprooted.</ins></p><p><b>[Zephaniah 2:5]</b> Woe <del>unto</del> <ins>to you who live by</ins> the <del>inhabitants of the sea coast, the nation of the Cherethites!</del> <ins>sea, O Kerethite people;</ins> the word of the LORD is against <del>you;</del> <ins>you,</ins> O Canaan, <del>the</del> land of the <del>Philistines, I</del> <ins>Philistines. "I</ins> will <del>even</del> destroy <del>thee, that there shall</del> <ins>you, and none will</ins> be <del>no inhabitant.</del> <ins>left."</ins></p><p><b>[Zephaniah 2:6]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>The land by</ins> the <del>sea coast shall</del> <ins>sea, where the Kerethites dwell, will</ins> be <del>dwellings and cottages</del> <ins>a place</ins> for <del>shepherds,</del> <ins>shepherds</ins> and <del>folds for flocks.</del> <ins>sheep pens.</ins></p><p><b>[Zephaniah 2:7]</b> <del>And the coast shall be for</del> <ins>It will belong to</ins> the remnant of the house of Judah; <ins>there</ins> they <del>shall feed thereupon: in</del> <ins>will find pasture. In</ins> the <del>houses of Ashkelon shall</del> <ins>evening</ins> they <ins>will</ins> lie down in the <del>evening: for the</del> <ins>houses of Ashkelon. The</ins> LORD their God <del>shall visit them, and turn away</del> <ins>will care for them; he will restore</ins> their <del>captivity.</del> <ins>fortunes.</ins></p><p><b>[Zephaniah 2:8]</b> <del>I</del> <ins>"I</ins> have heard the <del>reproach</del> <ins>insults</ins> of <del>Moab,</del> <ins>Moab</ins> and the <del>revilings</del> <ins>taunts</ins> of the <del>children of Ammon, whereby they have reproached</del> <ins>Ammonites, who insulted</ins> my <del>people,</del> <ins>people</ins> and <del>magnified themselves</del> <ins>made threats</ins> against their <del>border.</del> <ins>land.</ins></p><p><b>[Zephaniah 2:9]</b> <del>Therefore</del> <ins>Therefore, as surely</ins> as I <del>live, saith</del> <ins>live," declares</ins> the LORD <del>of hosts,</del> <ins>Almighty,</ins> the God of Israel, <del>Surely</del> <ins>"surely</ins> Moab <del>shall be as</del> <ins>will become like</ins> Sodom, <del>and</del> the <del>children of Ammon as Gomorrah, even the breeding of nettles, and saltpits, and</del> <ins>Ammonites like Gomorrah-</ins> a <del>perpetual desolation: the residue</del> <ins>place</ins> of <del>my people shall spoil them,</del> <ins>weeds</ins> and <del>the</del> <ins>salt pits, a wasteland forever. The</ins> remnant of my people <del>shall possess them.</del> <ins>will plunder them; the survivors of my nation will inherit their land."</ins></p><p><b>[Zephaniah 2:10]</b> This <del>shall</del> <ins>is what</ins> they <del>have</del> <ins>will get in return</ins> for their pride, <del>because they have reproached</del> <ins>for insulting</ins> and <del>magnified themselves against</del> <ins>mocking</ins> the people of the LORD <del>of hosts.</del> <ins>Almighty.</ins></p><p><b>[Zephaniah 2:11]</b> The LORD will be <del>terrible unto them: for</del> <ins>awesome to them when</ins> he <del>will famish</del> <ins>destroys</ins> all the gods of the <del>earth; and men shall</del> <ins>land. The nations on every shore will</ins> worship him, every one <del>from his place, even all the isles of the heathen.</del> <ins>in its own land.</ins></p><p><b>[Zephaniah 2:12]</b> <del>Ye Ethiopians also, ye shall</del> <ins>"You too, O Cushites, will</ins> be slain by my <del>sword.</del> <ins>sword."</ins></p><p><b>[Zephaniah 2:13]</b> <del>And he</del> <ins>He</ins> will stretch out his hand against the <del>north,</del> <ins>north</ins> and destroy <del>Assyria; and will make</del> <ins>Assyria, leaving</ins> Nineveh <del>a desolation,</del> <ins>utterly desolate</ins> and dry <del>like a wilderness.</del> <ins>as the desert.</ins></p><p><b>[Zephaniah 2:14]</b> <del>And flocks shall</del> <ins>Flocks and herds will</ins> lie down <del>in the midst</del> <ins>there, creatures</ins> of <del>her, all the beasts of the nations: both the cormorant</del> <ins>every kind. The desert owl</ins> and the <del>bittern shall lodge in</del> <ins>screech owl will roost on her columns. Their calls will echo through</ins> the <del>upper lintels of it; their voice shall sing in the windows; desolation shall</del> <ins>windows, rubble will</ins> be in the <del>thresholds; for he shall uncover</del> <ins>doorways,</ins> the <ins>beams of</ins> cedar <del>work.</del> <ins>will be exposed.</ins></p><p><b>[Zephaniah 2:15]</b> This is the <del>rejoicing</del> <ins>carefree</ins> city that <del>dwelt carelessly, that said</del> <ins>lived</ins> in <del>her heart, I</del> <ins>safety. She said to herself, "I</ins> am, and there is none <del>beside me: how is she become</del> <ins>besides me." What</ins> a <del>desolation,</del> <ins>ruin she has become,</ins> a <del>place</del> <ins>lair</ins> for <del>beasts to lie down in! every one that passeth</del> <ins>wild beasts! All who pass</ins> by her <del>shall hiss,</del> <ins>scoff</ins> and <del>wag his hand.</del> <ins>shake their fists.</ins></p><p><b>[Zephaniah 3:1]</b> Woe to <del>her that is filthy and polluted, to</del> the <del>oppressing city!</del> <ins>city of oppressors, rebellious and defiled!</ins></p><p><b>[Zephaniah 3:2]</b> She <del>obeyed not the voice;</del> <ins>obeys no one,</ins> she <del>received</del> <ins>accepts no correction. She does</ins> not <del>correction; she trusted not</del> <ins>trust</ins> in the <del>LORD;</del> <ins>LORD,</ins> she <del>drew</del> <ins>does</ins> not <ins>draw</ins> near to her God.</p><p><b>[Zephaniah 3:3]</b> Her <del>princes within her</del> <ins>officials</ins> are roaring <del>lions;</del> <ins>lions,</ins> her <del>judges</del> <ins>rulers</ins> are evening <del>wolves; they gnaw not</del> <ins>wolves, who leave nothing for</ins> the <del>bones till the morrow.</del> <ins>morning.</ins></p><p><b>[Zephaniah 3:4]</b> Her prophets are <del>light and treacherous persons: her priests have polluted the sanctuary,</del> <ins>arrogant;</ins> they <del>have done</del> <ins>are treacherous men. Her priests profane the sanctuary and do</ins> violence to the law.</p><p><b>[Zephaniah 3:5]</b> The <del>just</del> LORD <ins>within her</ins> is <del>in the midst thereof;</del> <ins>righteous;</ins> he <del>will not do iniquity: every</del> <ins>does no wrong. Morning by</ins> morning <del>doth</del> he <del>bring</del> <ins>dispenses</ins> his <del>judgment to light,</del> <ins>justice, and every new day</ins> he <del>faileth not; but</del> <ins>does not fail, yet</ins> the <del>unjust knoweth</del> <ins>unrighteous know</ins> no shame.</p><p><b>[Zephaniah 3:6]</b> <del>I</del> <ins>"I</ins> have cut off <del>the nations:</del> <ins>nations;</ins> their <del>towers</del> <ins>strongholds</ins> are <del>desolate;</del> <ins>demolished.</ins> I <del>made</del> <ins>have left</ins> their streets <del>waste, that none passeth by: their</del> <ins>deserted, with no one passing through. Their</ins> cities are <del>destroyed, so that there is</del> <ins>destroyed;</ins> no <del>man, that there is none inhabitant.</del> <ins>one will be left-no one at all.</ins></p><p><b>[Zephaniah 3:7]</b> I <del>said, Surely thou wilt</del> <ins>said to the city, 'Surely you will</ins> fear <del>me, thou wilt receive instruction; so their</del> <ins>me and accept correction!' Then her</ins> dwelling <del>should</del> <ins>would</ins> not be cut off, <del>howsoever I punished them: but they rose early, and corrupted</del> <ins>nor</ins> all <del>their doings.</del> <ins>my punishments come upon her. But they were still eager to act corruptly in all they did.</ins></p><p><b>[Zephaniah 3:8]</b> Therefore wait <del>ye upon me, saith</del> <ins>for me," declares</ins> the LORD, <del>until</del> <ins>"for</ins> the day <del>that</del> I <del>rise</del> <ins>will stand</ins> up to <ins>testify. I have decided to assemble</ins> the <del>prey: for my determination is</del> <ins>nations,</ins> to gather the <del>nations, that I may assemble the kingdoms,</del> <ins>kingdoms and</ins> to pour <del>upon them mine indignation, even</del> <ins>out my wrath on them-</ins> all my fierce <del>anger: for all the earth shall</del> <ins>anger. The whole world will</ins> be <del>devoured with</del> <ins>consumed by</ins> the fire of my <del>jealousy.</del> <ins>jealous anger.</ins></p><p><b>[Zephaniah 3:9]</b> <del>For then</del> <ins>"Then</ins> will I <del>turn to</del> <ins>purify</ins> the <del>people a pure language,</del> <ins>lips of the peoples,</ins> that <del>they may</del> all <ins>of them may</ins> call <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> the name of the <del>LORD, to</del> <ins>LORD and</ins> serve him <del>with one consent.</del> <ins>shoulder to shoulder.</ins></p><p><b>[Zephaniah 3:10]</b> From beyond the rivers of <del>Ethiopia</del> <ins>Cush</ins> my <del>suppliants, even the daughter of</del> <ins>worshipers,</ins> my <del>dispersed, shall</del> <ins>scattered people, will</ins> bring <del>mine offering.</del> <ins>me offerings.</ins></p><p><b>[Zephaniah 3:11]</b> <del>In</del> <ins>On</ins> that day <del>shalt thou</del> <ins>you will</ins> not be <del>ashamed</del> <ins>put to shame</ins> for all <del>thy doings, wherein thou hast transgressed against me: for then</del> <ins>the wrongs you have done to me, because</ins> I will <del>take away out of the midst of thee them that</del> <ins>remove from this city those who</ins> rejoice in <del>thy pride, and thou shalt no more</del> <ins>their pride. Never again will you</ins> be haughty <del>because of</del> <ins>on</ins> my holy <del>mountain.</del> <ins>hill.</ins></p><p><b>[Zephaniah 3:12]</b> <ins>But</ins> I will <del>also</del> leave <del>in</del> <ins>within you</ins> the <del>midst of thee an afflicted</del> <ins>meek</ins> and <del>poor people, and they shall</del> <ins>humble, who</ins> trust in the name of the LORD.</p><p><b>[Zephaniah 3:13]</b> The remnant of Israel <del>shall not</del> <ins>will</ins> do <del>iniquity, nor</del> <ins>no wrong; they will</ins> speak <del>lies; neither shall a deceitful tongue</del> <ins>no lies, nor will deceit</ins> be found in their <del>mouth: for they shall feed</del> <ins>mouths. They will eat</ins> and lie <del>down,</del> <ins>down</ins> and <del>none shall</del> <ins>no one will</ins> make them <del>afraid.</del> <ins>afraid."</ins></p><p><b>[Zephaniah 3:14]</b> Sing, O <del>daughter</del> <ins>Daughter</ins> of Zion; <del>shout,</del> <ins>shout aloud,</ins> O <del>Israel; be</del> <ins>Israel! Be</ins> glad and rejoice with all <del>the</del> <ins>your</ins> heart, O <del>daughter</del> <ins>Daughter</ins> of <del>Jerusalem.</del> <ins>Jerusalem!</ins></p><p><b>[Zephaniah 3:15]</b> The LORD <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> taken away <del>thy judgments,</del> <ins>your punishment,</ins> he <del>hath cast out thine enemy:</del> <ins>has turned back your enemy. The LORD,</ins> the <del>king</del> <ins>King</ins> of Israel, <del>even the LORD,</del> is <del>in the midst of thee: thou shalt not see evil</del> <ins>with you; never again will you fear</ins> any <del>more.</del> <ins>harm.</ins></p><p><b>[Zephaniah 3:16]</b> <del>In</del> <ins>On</ins> that day <del>it shall be said</del> <ins>they will say</ins> to Jerusalem, <del>Fear thou not: and to Zion, Let</del> <ins>"Do</ins> not <del>thine</del> <ins>fear, O Zion; do not let your</ins> hands <del>be slack.</del> <ins>hang limp.</ins></p><p><b>[Zephaniah 3:17]</b> The LORD <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> God <del>in the midst of thee</del> is <del>mighty;</del> <ins>with you, he is mighty to save. He will take great delight in you,</ins> he will <del>save, he will rejoice over thee</del> <ins>quiet you</ins> with <del>joy; he will rest in</del> his love, he will <del>joy</del> <ins>rejoice</ins> over <del>thee</del> <ins>you</ins> with <del>singing.</del> <ins>singing."</ins></p><p><b>[Zephaniah 3:18]</b> <del>I will gather them that are sorrowful</del> <ins>"The sorrows</ins> for the <del>solemn assembly, who</del> <ins>appointed feasts I will remove from you; they</ins> are <del>of thee, to whom the reproach of it was</del> a <del>burden.</del> <ins>burden and a reproach to you.</ins></p><p><b>[Zephaniah 3:19]</b> <del>Behold, at</del> <ins>At</ins> that time I will <del>undo</del> <ins>deal with</ins> all <del>that afflict thee: and</del> <ins>who oppressed you;</ins> I will <del>save her that halteth,</del> <ins>rescue the lame</ins> and gather <del>her that was driven out; and</del> <ins>those who have been scattered.</ins> I will <del>get</del> <ins>give</ins> them praise and <del>fame</del> <ins>honor</ins> in every land where they <del>have been</del> <ins>were</ins> put to shame.</p><p><b>[Zephaniah 3:20]</b> At that time <del>will I bring you again, even in the time that I gather you: for</del> I will <del>make</del> <ins>gather you; at that time I will bring</ins> you <del>a name</del> <ins>home. I will give you honor</ins> and <del>a</del> praise among all <del>people</del> <ins>the peoples</ins> of the <del>earth,</del> <ins>earth</ins> when I <del>turn back</del> <ins>restore</ins> your <del>captivity</del> <ins>fortunes</ins> before your <del>eyes, saith</del> <ins>very eyes," says</ins> the LORD.</p>