<p><b>[1 Corinthians 1:1]</b> <del>Paul</del> <ins>Paul,</ins> called to be an apostle of Jesus Christ through the will of God, and Sosthenes our brother,</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 1:2]</b> <del>Unto</del> <ins>To</ins> the church of God which is at Corinth, to <del>them that</del> <ins>those who</ins> are sanctified in Christ Jesus, called to be saints, with all <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> in every place call <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> the name of Jesus Christ our Lord, both <del>their's</del> <ins>theirs</ins> and <del>our's:</del> <ins>ours:</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 1:3]</b> Grace <del>be unto you,</del> <ins>to you</ins> and <del>peace,</del> <ins>peace</ins> from God our <del>Father,</del> <ins>Father</ins> and <del>from</del> the Lord Jesus Christ.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 1:4]</b> I thank my God always <del>on your behalf,</del> <ins>concerning you</ins> for the grace of God which <del>is</del> <ins>was</ins> given <ins>to</ins> you by <del>Jesus Christ;</del> <ins>Christ Jesus,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 1:5]</b> <del>That in every thing ye are</del> <ins>that you were</ins> enriched <ins>in everything</ins> by <del>him,</del> <ins>Him</ins> in all <del>utterance,</del> <ins>utterance</ins> and <del>in</del> all <del>knowledge;</del> <ins>knowledge,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 1:6]</b> <del>Even</del> <ins>even</ins> as the testimony of Christ was confirmed in <del>you:</del> <ins>you,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 1:7]</b> <del>So</del> <ins>so</ins> that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> come <del>behind</del> <ins>short</ins> in no <del>gift;</del> <ins>gift, eagerly</ins> waiting for the <del>coming</del> <ins>revelation</ins> of our Lord Jesus <del>Christ:</del> <ins>Christ,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 1:8]</b> <del>Who shall</del> <ins>who will</ins> also confirm you <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the end, that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> may be blameless in the day of our Lord Jesus Christ.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 1:9]</b> God is faithful, by whom <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> were called <del>unto</del> <ins>into</ins> the fellowship of <del>his Son</del> <ins>His Son,</ins> Jesus Christ our Lord.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 1:10]</b> Now I <del>beseech</del> <ins>plead with</ins> you, brethren, by the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> all speak the same thing, and that there be no divisions among <del>you;</del> <ins>you,</ins> but that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> be perfectly joined together in the same mind and in the same judgment.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 1:11]</b> For it <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> been declared <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me <del>of</del> <ins>concerning</ins> you, my brethren, by <del>them which are</del> <ins>those</ins> of <del>the house of Chloe,</del> <ins>Chloe's household,</ins> that there are contentions among you.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 1:12]</b> Now <del>this</del> I <del>say,</del> <ins>say this,</ins> that <del>every one</del> <ins>each</ins> of you <del>saith, I</del> <ins>says, "I</ins> am of <del>Paul; and I</del> <ins>Paul," or "I am</ins> of <del>Apollos; and I</del> <ins>Apollos," or "I am</ins> of <del>Cephas; and I</del> <ins>Cephas," or "I am</ins> of <del>Christ.</del> <ins>Christ."</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 1:13]</b> Is Christ divided? <del>was</del> <ins>Was</ins> Paul crucified for you? <del>or</del> <ins>Or</ins> were <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> baptized in the name of Paul?</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 1:14]</b> I thank God that I baptized none of <del>you, but</del> <ins>you except</ins> Crispus and <del>Gaius;</del> <ins>Gaius,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 1:15]</b> <del>Lest any</del> <ins>lest anyone</ins> should say that I had baptized in <del>mine</del> <ins>my</ins> own name.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 1:16]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Yes,</ins> I <del>baptized</del> also <ins>baptized</ins> the household of <del>Stephanas: besides,</del> <ins>Stephanas. Besides,</ins> I <del>know</del> <ins>do</ins> not <ins>know</ins> whether I baptized any other.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 1:17]</b> For Christ <del>sent me</del> <ins>did</ins> not <ins>send me</ins> to baptize, but to preach the <del>gospel:</del> <ins>gospel,</ins> not with wisdom of words, lest the cross of Christ should be made of <del>none</del> <ins>no</ins> effect.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 1:18]</b> For the <del>preaching</del> <ins>message</ins> of the cross is <ins>foolishness</ins> to <del>them that perish foolishness; but unto us which</del> <ins>those who</ins> are <ins>perishing, but to us who are being</ins> saved it is the power of God.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 1:19]</b> For it is <del>written, I</del> <ins>written: "I</ins> will destroy the wisdom of the wise, <del>and will</del> <ins>And</ins> bring to nothing the understanding of the <del>prudent.</del> <ins>prudent."</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 1:20]</b> Where is the wise? <del>where</del> <ins>Where</ins> is the scribe? <del>where</del> <ins>Where</ins> is the disputer of this <del>world? hath</del> <ins>age? Has</ins> not God made foolish the wisdom of this world?</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 1:21]</b> For <del>after that</del> <ins>since,</ins> in the wisdom of <del>God</del> <ins>God,</ins> the world <del>by</del> <ins>through</ins> wisdom <del>knew</del> <ins>did</ins> not <ins>know</ins> God, it pleased God <del>by</del> <ins>through</ins> the foolishness of <del>preaching</del> <ins>the message preached</ins> to save <del>them that</del> <ins>those who</ins> believe.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 1:22]</b> For <del>the</del> Jews <del>require</del> <ins>request</ins> a sign, and <del>the</del> Greeks seek after <del>wisdom:</del> <ins>wisdom;</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 1:23]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>but</ins> we preach Christ crucified, <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the Jews a <del>stumblingblock,</del> <ins>stumbling block</ins> and <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the Greeks <del>foolishness;</del> <ins>foolishness,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 1:24]</b> <del>But unto them which</del> <ins>but to those who</ins> are called, both Jews and Greeks, Christ the power of <del>God,</del> <ins>God</ins> and the wisdom of God.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 1:25]</b> Because the foolishness of God is wiser than <del>men;</del> <ins>men,</ins> and the weakness of God is stronger than men.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 1:26]</b> For <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> see your calling, brethren, <del>how</del> that not many wise <del>men after</del> <ins>according to</ins> the flesh, not many mighty, not many noble, are <del>called:</del> <ins>called.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 1:27]</b> But God <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> chosen the foolish things of the world to <del>confound</del> <ins>put to shame</ins> the <del>wise;</del> <ins>wise,</ins> and God <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> chosen the weak things of the world to <del>confound</del> <ins>put to shame</ins> the things which are mighty;</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 1:28]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and the</ins> base things of the <del>world,</del> <ins>world</ins> and <ins>the</ins> things which are <del>despised, hath</del> <ins>despised</ins> God <ins>has</ins> chosen, <del>yea,</del> and <ins>the</ins> things which are not, to bring to <del>nought</del> <ins>nothing the</ins> things that <del>are:</del> <ins>are,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 1:29]</b> <del>That</del> <ins>that</ins> no flesh should glory in <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> presence.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 1:30]</b> But of <del>him</del> <ins>Him you</ins> are <del>ye</del> in Christ Jesus, who <del>of God is made unto</del> <ins>became for</ins> us <del>wisdom,</del> <ins>wisdom from God--and righteousness</ins> and <del>righteousness,</del> <ins>sanctification</ins> and <del>sanctification, and redemption:</del> <ins>redemption--</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 1:31]</b> <del>That, according</del> <ins>that,</ins> as it is written, <del>He that glorieth,</del> <ins>"He who glories,</ins> let him glory in the <del>Lord.</del> <ins>LORD."</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 2:1]</b> And I, brethren, when I came to you, <del>came</del> <ins>did</ins> not <ins>come</ins> with <del>excellency</del> <ins>excellence</ins> of speech or of <del>wisdom,</del> <ins>wisdom</ins> declaring <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> you the testimony of God.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 2:2]</b> For I determined not to know <del>any thing</del> <ins>anything</ins> among <del>you, save</del> <ins>you except</ins> Jesus <del>Christ,</del> <ins>Christ</ins> and <del>him</del> <ins>Him</ins> crucified.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 2:3]</b> <del>And</del> I was with you in weakness, <del>and</del> in fear, and in much trembling.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 2:4]</b> And my speech and my preaching <del>was</del> <ins>were</ins> not with <del>enticing</del> <ins>persuasive</ins> words of <del>man's</del> <ins>human</ins> wisdom, but in demonstration of the Spirit and of <del>power:</del> <ins>power,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 2:5]</b> <del>That</del> <ins>that</ins> your faith should not <del>stand</del> <ins>be</ins> in the wisdom of <del>men,</del> <ins>men</ins> but in the power of God.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 2:6]</b> <del>Howbeit</del> <ins>However,</ins> we speak wisdom among <del>them that</del> <ins>those who</ins> are <del>perfect:</del> <ins>mature,</ins> yet not the wisdom of this <del>world,</del> <ins>age,</ins> nor of the <del>princes</del> <ins>rulers</ins> of this <del>world, that come</del> <ins>age, who are coming</ins> to <del>nought:</del> <ins>nothing.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 2:7]</b> But we speak the wisdom of God in a mystery, <del>even</del> the hidden <del>wisdom,</del> <ins>wisdom</ins> which God ordained before the <del>world unto</del> <ins>ages for</ins> our <del>glory:</del> <ins>glory,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 2:8]</b> <del>Which</del> <ins>which</ins> none of the <del>princes</del> <ins>rulers</ins> of this <del>world knew:</del> <ins>age knew;</ins> for had they <del>known it,</del> <ins>known,</ins> they would not have crucified the Lord of glory.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 2:9]</b> But as it is <del>written, Eye hath</del> <ins>written: "Eye has</ins> not seen, nor ear heard, <del>neither</del> <ins>Nor</ins> have entered into the heart of <del>man, the</del> <ins>man The</ins> things which God <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> prepared for <del>them that</del> <ins>those who</ins> love <del>him.</del> <ins>Him."</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 2:10]</b> But God <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> revealed them <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> us <del>by his Spirit: for</del> <ins>through His Spirit. For</ins> the Spirit <del>searcheth</del> <ins>searches</ins> all things, <del>yea,</del> <ins>yes,</ins> the deep things of God.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 2:11]</b> For what man <del>knoweth</del> <ins>knows</ins> the things of a <del>man, save</del> <ins>man except</ins> the spirit of <ins>the</ins> man which is in him? <del>even</del> <ins>Even</ins> so <ins>no one knows</ins> the things of God <del>knoweth no man, but</del> <ins>except</ins> the Spirit of God.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 2:12]</b> Now we have received, not the spirit of the world, but the <del>spirit which</del> <ins>Spirit who</ins> is <del>of God;</del> <ins>from God,</ins> that we might know the things that <del>are</del> <ins>have been</ins> freely given to us <del>of</del> <ins>by</ins> God.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 2:13]</b> <del>Which</del> <ins>These</ins> things <del>also</del> we <ins>also</ins> speak, not in <del>the</del> words which man's wisdom <del>teacheth,</del> <ins>teaches</ins> but which the Holy <del>Ghost teacheth;</del> <ins>Spirit teaches,</ins> comparing spiritual things with spiritual.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 2:14]</b> But the natural man <del>receiveth</del> <ins>does</ins> not <ins>receive</ins> the things of the Spirit of <del>God:</del> <ins>God,</ins> for they are foolishness <del>unto him: neither</del> <ins>to him; nor</ins> can he know them, because they are spiritually discerned.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 2:15]</b> But he <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> is spiritual <del>judgeth</del> <ins>judges</ins> all things, yet he himself is <ins>rightly</ins> judged <del>of</del> <ins>by</ins> no <del>man.</del> <ins>one.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 2:16]</b> For <del>who hath</del> <ins>"who has</ins> known the mind of the <del>Lord,</del> <ins>LORD</ins> that he may instruct <del>him? but</del> <ins>Him?" But</ins> we have the mind of Christ.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 3:1]</b> And I, brethren, could not speak <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> you as <del>unto spiritual,</del> <ins>to spiritual people</ins> but as <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> carnal, <del>even</del> as <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> babes in Christ.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 3:2]</b> I <del>have</del> fed you with <del>milk,</del> <ins>milk</ins> and not with <del>meat:</del> <ins>solid food;</ins> for <del>hitherto ye</del> <ins>until now you</ins> were not able to <del>bear</del> <ins>receive</ins> it, <del>neither yet</del> <ins>and even</ins> now <ins>you</ins> are <del>ye able.</del> <ins>still not able;</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 3:3]</b> <del>For ye are yet carnal:</del> for <del>whereas there is among</del> you <del>envying, and</del> <ins>are still carnal. For where there are envy,</ins> strife, and <del>divisions,</del> <ins>divisions among you,</ins> are <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> not <del>carnal,</del> <ins>carnal</ins> and <del>walk as</del> <ins>behaving like mere</ins> men?</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 3:4]</b> For <del>while</del> <ins>when</ins> one <del>saith, I</del> <ins>says, "I</ins> am of <del>Paul;</del> <ins>Paul,"</ins> and another, <del>I</del> <ins>"I</ins> am of <del>Apollos;</del> <ins>Apollos,"</ins> are <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> not carnal?</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 3:5]</b> Who then is Paul, and who is Apollos, but ministers <del>by</del> <ins>through</ins> whom <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> believed, <del>even</del> as the Lord gave to <del>every man?</del> <ins>each one?</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 3:6]</b> I <del>have</del> planted, Apollos <del>watered;</del> <ins>watered,</ins> but God gave the increase.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 3:7]</b> So then neither <del>is</del> he <del>that planteth any thing, neither</del> <ins>who plants is anything, nor</ins> he <del>that watereth;</del> <ins>who waters,</ins> but God <del>that giveth</del> <ins>who gives</ins> the increase.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 3:8]</b> Now he <del>that planteth</del> <ins>who plants</ins> and he <del>that watereth</del> <ins>who waters</ins> are <del>one:</del> <ins>one,</ins> and <del>every man shall</del> <ins>each one will</ins> receive his own reward according to his own <del>labour.</del> <ins>labor.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 3:9]</b> For we are <del>labourers together with God: ye</del> <ins>God's fellow workers; you</ins> are God's <del>husbandry, ye</del> <ins>field, you</ins> are God's building.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 3:10]</b> According to the grace of God which <del>is</del> <ins>was</ins> given <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me, as a wise <del>masterbuilder,</del> <ins>master builder</ins> I have laid the foundation, and another <del>buildeth thereon.</del> <ins>builds on it.</ins> But let <del>every man</del> <ins>each one</ins> take heed how he <del>buildeth thereupon.</del> <ins>builds on it.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 3:11]</b> For <ins>no</ins> other foundation can <del>no man</del> <ins>anyone</ins> lay than that <ins>which</ins> is laid, which is Jesus Christ.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 3:12]</b> Now if <del>any man build upon</del> <ins>anyone builds on</ins> this foundation <ins>with</ins> gold, silver, precious stones, wood, hay, <del>stubble;</del> <ins>straw,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 3:13]</b> <del>Every man's</del> <ins>each one's</ins> work <del>shall be made manifest:</del> <ins>will become clear;</ins> for the <del>day shall</del> <ins>Day will</ins> declare it, because it <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be revealed by fire; and the fire <del>shall try every man's work</del> <ins>will test each one's work,</ins> of what sort it is.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 3:14]</b> If <del>any man's</del> <ins>anyone's</ins> work <del>abide</del> which he <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> built <del>thereupon,</del> <ins>on it endures,</ins> he <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> receive a reward.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 3:15]</b> If <del>any man's</del> <ins>anyone's</ins> work <del>shall be</del> <ins>is</ins> burned, he <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> suffer <del>loss:</del> <ins>loss;</ins> but he himself <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be <del>saved;</del> <ins>saved,</ins> yet so as <del>by</del> <ins>through</ins> fire.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 3:16]</b> <del>Know ye</del> <ins>Do you</ins> not <ins>know</ins> that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> are the temple of <del>God,</del> <ins>God</ins> and that the Spirit of God <del>dwelleth</del> <ins>dwells</ins> in you?</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 3:17]</b> If <del>any man defile</del> <ins>anyone defiles</ins> the temple of God, <del>him shall</del> God <del>destroy; for</del> <ins>will destroy him. For</ins> the temple of God is holy, which temple <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> are.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 3:18]</b> Let no <del>man</del> <ins>one</ins> deceive himself. If <del>any man</del> <ins>anyone</ins> among you <del>seemeth</del> <ins>seems</ins> to be wise in this <del>world,</del> <ins>age,</ins> let him become a <del>fool,</del> <ins>fool</ins> that he may <del>be</del> <ins>become</ins> wise.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 3:19]</b> For the wisdom of this world is foolishness with God. For it is written, <del>He taketh</del> <ins>"He catches</ins> the wise in their own <del>craftiness.</del> <ins>craftiness";</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 3:20]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> again, <del>The Lord knoweth</del> <ins>"The LORD knows</ins> the thoughts of the wise, that they are <del>vain.</del> <ins>futile."</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 3:21]</b> Therefore let no <del>man glory</del> <ins>one boast</ins> in men. For all things are <del>your's;</del> <ins>yours:</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 3:22]</b> <del>Whether Paul,</del> <ins>whether Paul</ins> or <del>Apollos,</del> <ins>Apollos</ins> or Cephas, or the <del>world,</del> <ins>world</ins> or <del>life,</del> <ins>life</ins> or death, or things <del>present,</del> <ins>present</ins> or things to <del>come; all</del> <ins>come--all</ins> are <del>your's;</del> <ins>yours.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 3:23]</b> And <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> are <del>Christ's;</del> <ins>Christ's,</ins> and Christ is God's.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 4:1]</b> Let a man so <del>account of</del> <ins>consider</ins> us, as <ins>servants</ins> of <del>the ministers of Christ,</del> <ins>Christ</ins> and stewards of the mysteries of God.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 4:2]</b> Moreover it is required in <del>stewards,</del> <ins>stewards</ins> that <del>a man</del> <ins>one</ins> be found faithful.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 4:3]</b> But with me it is a very small thing that I should be judged <del>of you,</del> <ins>by you</ins> or <del>of man's judgment: yea,</del> <ins>by a human court. In fact,</ins> I <del>judge</del> <ins>do</ins> not <del>mine own self.</del> <ins>even judge myself.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 4:4]</b> For I know <ins>of</ins> nothing <del>by myself;</del> <ins>against myself,</ins> yet <del>am</del> I <ins>am</ins> not <del>hereby justified:</del> <ins>justified by this;</ins> but <del>he that judgeth</del> <ins>He who judges</ins> me is the Lord.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 4:5]</b> Therefore judge nothing before the time, until the Lord <del>come,</del> <ins>comes,</ins> who <del>both</del> will <ins>both</ins> bring to light the hidden things of <del>darkness,</del> <ins>darkness</ins> and <del>will make manifest</del> <ins>reveal</ins> the counsels of the <del>hearts: and then shall every man have</del> <ins>hearts. Then each one's</ins> praise <del>of</del> <ins>will come from</ins> God.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 4:6]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Now</ins> these things, brethren, I have <del>in a figure</del> <ins>figuratively</ins> transferred to myself and <del>to</del> Apollos for your <del>sakes;</del> <ins>sakes,</ins> that <del>ye might</del> <ins>you may</ins> learn in us not to think <del>of men above that which</del> <ins>beyond what</ins> is written, that <del>no one</del> <ins>none</ins> of you <ins>may</ins> be puffed up <del>for</del> <ins>on behalf of</ins> one against <del>another.</del> <ins>the other.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 4:7]</b> For who <del>maketh thee to</del> <ins>makes you</ins> differ from another? <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> what <del>hast thou</del> <ins>do you have</ins> that <del>thou didst</del> <ins>you did</ins> not receive? <del>now</del> <ins>Now</ins> if <del>thou didst</del> <ins>you did indeed</ins> receive it, why <del>dost thou glory,</del> <ins>do you boast</ins> as if <del>thou hadst</del> <ins>you had</ins> not received it?</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 4:8]</b> <del>Now ye</del> <ins>You</ins> are <del>full, now ye</del> <ins>already full! You</ins> are <del>rich, ye</del> <ins>already rich! You</ins> have reigned as kings without <del>us: and</del> <ins>us--and indeed</ins> I <del>would to God ye</del> <ins>could wish you</ins> did reign, that we also might reign with <del>you.</del> <ins>you!</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 4:9]</b> For I think that God <del>hath set forth us</del> <ins>has displayed us,</ins> the <del>apostles</del> <ins>apostles,</ins> last, as <del>it were appointed</del> <ins>men condemned</ins> to <del>death:</del> <ins>death;</ins> for we <del>are</del> <ins>have been</ins> made a spectacle <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the world, <del>and</del> <ins>both</ins> to <del>angels,</del> <ins>angels</ins> and to men.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 4:10]</b> We are fools for Christ's sake, but <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> are wise in <del>Christ; we</del> <ins>Christ! We</ins> are weak, but <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> are <del>strong; ye</del> <ins>strong! You</ins> are <del>honourable,</del> <ins>distinguished,</ins> but we are <del>despised.</del> <ins>dishonored!</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 4:11]</b> <del>Even unto this</del> <ins>To the</ins> present hour we both <del>hunger,</del> <ins>hunger</ins> and thirst, and <ins>we</ins> are <del>naked,</del> <ins>poorly clothed,</ins> and <del>are buffeted,</del> <ins>beaten,</ins> and <del>have no certain dwellingplace;</del> <ins>homeless.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 4:12]</b> And <del>labour,</del> <ins>we labor,</ins> working with our own <del>hands: being</del> <ins>hands. Being</ins> reviled, we bless; being persecuted, we <del>suffer it:</del> <ins>endure;</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 4:13]</b> <del>Being</del> <ins>being</ins> defamed, we <del>intreat: we are</del> <ins>entreat. We have been</ins> made as the filth of the world, <del>and are</del> the offscouring of all things <del>unto this day.</del> <ins>until now.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 4:14]</b> I <del>write</del> <ins>do</ins> not <ins>write</ins> these things to shame you, but as my beloved <del>sons</del> <ins>children</ins> I warn you.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 4:15]</b> For though <del>ye</del> <ins>you might</ins> have ten thousand <del>instructers</del> <ins>instructors</ins> in Christ, yet <del>have ye</del> <ins>you do</ins> not <ins>have</ins> many <del>fathers:</del> <ins>fathers;</ins> for in Christ Jesus I have begotten you through the gospel.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 4:16]</b> <del>Wherefore</del> <ins>Therefore</ins> I <del>beseech</del> <ins>urge</ins> you, <del>be ye followers of</del> <ins>imitate</ins> me.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 4:17]</b> For this <del>cause have</del> <ins>reason</ins> I <ins>have</ins> sent <del>unto you Timotheus,</del> <ins>Timothy to you,</ins> who is my beloved <del>son,</del> and faithful <ins>son</ins> in the Lord, who <del>shall bring</del> <ins>will remind</ins> you <del>into remembrance</del> of my ways <del>which be</del> in Christ, as I teach <del>every where</del> <ins>everywhere</ins> in every church.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 4:18]</b> Now some are puffed up, as though I <del>would</del> <ins>were</ins> not <del>come</del> <ins>coming</ins> to you.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 4:19]</b> But I will come to you shortly, if the Lord <del>will,</del> <ins>wills,</ins> and <ins>I</ins> will know, not the <del>speech</del> <ins>word</ins> of <del>them which</del> <ins>those who</ins> are puffed up, but the power.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 4:20]</b> For the kingdom of God is not in <del>word,</del> <ins>word</ins> but in power.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 4:21]</b> What <del>will ye? shall</del> <ins>do you want? Shall</ins> I come <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> you with a rod, or in <del>love,</del> <ins>love</ins> and <del>in the</del> <ins>a</ins> spirit of <del>meekness?</del> <ins>gentleness?</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 5:1]</b> It is <ins>actually</ins> reported <del>commonly</del> that there is <del>fornication</del> <ins>sexual immorality</ins> among you, and such <del>fornication</del> <ins>sexual immorality</ins> as is not <del>so much as</del> <ins>even</ins> named among the <del>Gentiles, that one should have</del> <ins>Gentiles--that a man has</ins> his father's <del>wife.</del> <ins>wife!</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 5:2]</b> And <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> are puffed up, and have not rather mourned, that he <del>that hath</del> <ins>who has</ins> done this deed might be taken away from among you.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 5:3]</b> For I <del>verily,</del> <ins>indeed,</ins> as absent in <del>body,</del> <ins>body</ins> but present in spirit, have <ins>already</ins> judged <del>already, as</del> <ins>(as</ins> though I were <del>present, concerning</del> <ins>present)</ins> him <del>that hath</del> <ins>who has</ins> so done this <del>deed,</del> <ins>deed.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 5:4]</b> In the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, when <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> are gathered together, <del>and</del> <ins>along with</ins> my spirit, with the power of our Lord Jesus Christ,</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 5:5]</b> <del>To</del> deliver such <del>an</del> <ins>a</ins> one <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> Satan for the destruction of the flesh, that <del>the</del> <ins>his</ins> spirit may be saved in the day of the Lord Jesus.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 5:6]</b> Your glorying is not good. <del>Know ye</del> <ins>Do you</ins> not <ins>know</ins> that a little leaven <del>leaveneth</del> <ins>leavens</ins> the whole lump?</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 5:7]</b> <del>Purge</del> <ins>Therefore purge</ins> out <del>therefore</del> the old leaven, that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> may be a new lump, <del>as ye</del> <ins>since you truly</ins> are unleavened. For <del>even Christ</del> <ins>indeed Christ,</ins> our <del>passover is</del> <ins>Passover, was</ins> sacrificed for <del>us:</del> <ins>us.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 5:8]</b> Therefore let us keep the feast, not with old leaven, <del>neither</del> <ins>nor</ins> with the leaven of malice and <del>wickedness;</del> <ins>wickedness,</ins> but with the unleavened bread of sincerity and truth.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 5:9]</b> I wrote <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> you in <del>an</del> <ins>my</ins> epistle not to <ins>keep</ins> company with <del>fornicators:</del> <ins>sexually immoral people.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 5:10]</b> Yet <ins>I certainly did</ins> not <del>altogether</del> <ins>mean</ins> with the <del>fornicators</del> <ins>sexually immoral people</ins> of this world, or with the covetous, or extortioners, or <del>with idolaters; for</del> <ins>idolaters, since</ins> then <del>must ye needs</del> <ins>you would need to</ins> go out of the world.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 5:11]</b> But now I have written <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> you not to keep <del>company, if any man that is called</del> <ins>company with anyone named</ins> a <del>brother be a fornicator,</del> <ins>brother, who is sexually immoral,</ins> or covetous, or an <del>idolator,</del> <ins>idolater,</ins> or a <del>railer,</del> <ins>reviler,</ins> or a drunkard, or an <del>extortioner;</del> <ins>extortioner--not even to eat</ins> with such <del>an one no not to eat.</del> <ins>a person.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 5:12]</b> For what have I to do <del>to judge them</del> <ins>with judging those</ins> also <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> are <del>without? do</del> <ins>outside? Do you</ins> not <del>ye</del> judge <del>them that</del> <ins>those who</ins> are <del>within?</del> <ins>inside?</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 5:13]</b> But <del>them that</del> <ins>those who</ins> are <del>without</del> <ins>outside</ins> God <del>judgeth.</del> <ins>judges.</ins> Therefore <del>put</del> <ins>"put</ins> away from <del>among</del> yourselves <del>that wicked person.</del> <ins>the evil person."</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 6:1]</b> Dare any of you, having a matter against another, go to law before the <del>unjust,</del> <ins>unrighteous,</ins> and not before the saints?</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 6:2]</b> Do <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> not know that the saints <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> judge the world? <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> if the world <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be judged by you, are <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> unworthy to judge the smallest matters?</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 6:3]</b> <del>Know ye</del> <ins>Do you</ins> not <ins>know</ins> that we shall judge angels? <del>how</del> <ins>How</ins> much <del>more</del> <ins>more,</ins> things that pertain to this life?</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 6:4]</b> If then <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> have judgments <del>of</del> <ins>concerning</ins> things pertaining to this life, <del>set them to judge</del> <ins>do you appoint those</ins> who are least esteemed <del>in</del> <ins>by</ins> the <del>church.</del> <ins>church to judge?</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 6:5]</b> I <del>speak</del> <ins>say this</ins> to your shame. Is it so, that there is not a wise man among <del>you? no,</del> <ins>you,</ins> not <del>one that shall</del> <ins>even one, who will</ins> be able to judge between his brethren?</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 6:6]</b> But brother <del>goeth</del> <ins>goes</ins> to law <del>with</del> <ins>against</ins> brother, and that before <del>the unbelievers.</del> <ins>unbelievers!</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 6:7]</b> Now <del>therefore there</del> <ins>therefore, it</ins> is <del>utterly a fault among you, because ye</del> <ins>already an utter failure for you that you</ins> go to law <ins>against</ins> one <del>with</del> another. Why do <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> not rather <del>take</del> <ins>accept</ins> wrong? <del>why</del> <ins>Why</ins> do <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> not rather <del>suffer</del> <ins>let</ins> yourselves <del>to</del> be <del>defrauded?</del> <ins>cheated?</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 6:8]</b> <del>Nay, ye</del> <ins>No, you yourselves</ins> do <del>wrong,</del> <ins>wrong</ins> and <del>defraud,</del> <ins>cheat,</ins> and <del>that</del> <ins>you do these things to</ins> your <del>brethren.</del> <ins>brethren!</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 6:9]</b> <del>Know ye</del> <ins>Do you</ins> not <ins>know</ins> that the unrighteous <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> not inherit the kingdom of God? <del>Be</del> <ins>Do</ins> not <del>deceived: neither</del> <ins>be deceived. Neither</ins> fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor <del>effeminate,</del> <ins>homosexuals,</ins> nor <del>abusers of themselves with mankind,</del> <ins>sodomites,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 6:10]</b> <del>Nor</del> <ins>nor</ins> thieves, nor covetous, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor <del>extortioners, shall</del> <ins>extortioners will</ins> inherit the kingdom of God.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 6:11]</b> And such were some of <del>you: but ye are</del> <ins>you. But you were</ins> washed, but <del>ye are</del> <ins>you were</ins> sanctified, but <del>ye are</del> <ins>you were</ins> justified in the name of the Lord <del>Jesus,</del> <ins>Jesus</ins> and by the Spirit of our God.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 6:12]</b> All things are lawful <del>unto</del> <ins>for</ins> me, but all things are not <del>expedient: all</del> <ins>helpful. All</ins> things are lawful for me, but I will not be brought under the power of any.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 6:13]</b> <del>Meats</del> <ins>Foods</ins> for the <del>belly,</del> <ins>stomach</ins> and the <del>belly</del> <ins>stomach</ins> for <del>meats:</del> <ins>foods,</ins> but God <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> destroy both it and them. Now the body is not for <del>fornication,</del> <ins>sexual immorality</ins> but for the <del>Lord;</del> <ins>Lord,</ins> and the Lord for the body.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 6:14]</b> And God <del>hath</del> both raised up the <del>Lord,</del> <ins>Lord</ins> and will also raise <del>up</del> us <ins>up</ins> by <del>his own</del> <ins>His</ins> power.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 6:15]</b> <del>Know ye</del> <ins>Do you</ins> not <ins>know</ins> that your bodies are <del>the</del> members of Christ? <del>shall</del> <ins>Shall</ins> I then take the members of <del>Christ,</del> <ins>Christ</ins> and make them <del>the</del> members of <del>an</del> <ins>a</ins> harlot? <del>God forbid.</del> <ins>Certainly not!</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 6:16]</b> <del>What? know ye</del> <ins>Or do you</ins> not <ins>know</ins> that he <del>which</del> <ins>who</ins> is joined to <del>an</del> <ins>a</ins> harlot is one <del>body? for two, saith he, shall be</del> <ins>body with her? For "the two," He says, "shall become</ins> one <del>flesh.</del> <ins>flesh."</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 6:17]</b> But he <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> is joined <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the Lord is one <del>spirit.</del> <ins>spirit with Him.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 6:18]</b> Flee <del>fornication.</del> <ins>sexual immorality.</ins> Every sin that a man <del>doeth</del> <ins>does</ins> is <del>without</del> <ins>outside</ins> the <del>body;</del> <ins>body,</ins> but he <del>that committeth fornication sinneth</del> <ins>who commits sexual immorality sins</ins> against his own body.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 6:19]</b> <del>What? know ye</del> <ins>Or do you</ins> not <ins>know</ins> that your body is the temple of the Holy <del>Ghost which</del> <ins>Spirit who</ins> is in you, <del>which ye</del> <ins>whom you</ins> have <del>of</del> <ins>from</ins> God, and <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> are not your own?</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 6:20]</b> For <del>ye are</del> <ins>you were</ins> bought <del>with</del> <ins>at</ins> a <del>price:</del> <ins>price;</ins> therefore glorify God in your <del>body,</del> <ins>body</ins> and in your spirit, which are God's.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 7:1]</b> Now concerning the things <del>whereof ye</del> <ins>of which you</ins> wrote <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me: It is good for a man not to touch a woman.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 7:2]</b> Nevertheless, <del>to avoid fornication,</del> <ins>because of sexual immorality,</ins> let <del>every</del> <ins>each</ins> man have his own wife, and let <del>every</del> <ins>each</ins> woman have her own husband.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 7:3]</b> Let the husband render <del>unto the</del> <ins>to his</ins> wife <ins>the affection</ins> due <del>benevolence:</del> <ins>her,</ins> and likewise also the wife <del>unto the</del> <ins>to her</ins> husband.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 7:4]</b> The wife <del>hath</del> <ins>does</ins> not <del>power of</del> <ins>have authority over</ins> her own body, but the <del>husband: and</del> <ins>husband does. And</ins> likewise <del>also</del> the husband <del>hath</del> <ins>does</ins> not <del>power of</del> <ins>have authority over</ins> his own body, but the <del>wife.</del> <ins>wife does.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 7:5]</b> <del>Defraud ye</del> <ins>Do</ins> not <ins>deprive</ins> one <del>the other,</del> <ins>another</ins> except <del>it be</del> with consent for a time, that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> may give yourselves to fasting and prayer; and come together <del>again,</del> <ins>again so</ins> that Satan <ins>does not</ins> tempt you <del>not for</del> <ins>because of</ins> your <del>incontinency.</del> <ins>lack of self-control.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 7:6]</b> But I <del>speak</del> <ins>say</ins> this <del>by permission, and</del> <ins>as a concession,</ins> not <del>of</del> <ins>as a</ins> commandment.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 7:7]</b> For I <del>would</del> <ins>wish</ins> that all men were even as I myself. But <del>every man hath</del> <ins>each one has</ins> his <del>proper</del> <ins>own</ins> gift <del>of</del> <ins>from</ins> God, one <del>after</del> <ins>in</ins> this <del>manner,</del> <ins>manner</ins> and another <del>after</del> <ins>in</ins> that.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 7:8]</b> <ins>But</ins> I say <del>therefore</del> to the unmarried and <del>widows, it</del> <ins>to the widows: It</ins> is good for them if they <del>abide</del> <ins>remain</ins> even as <del>I.</del> <ins>I am;</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 7:9]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>but</ins> if they cannot <del>contain,</del> <ins>exercise self-control,</ins> let them <del>marry: for</del> <ins>marry. For</ins> it is better to marry than to <del>burn.</del> <ins>burn with passion.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 7:10]</b> <del>And unto</del> <ins>Now to</ins> the married I command, yet not <del>I,</del> <ins>I</ins> but the <del>Lord, Let not the</del> <ins>Lord: A</ins> wife <ins>is not to</ins> depart from her <del>husband:</del> <ins>husband.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 7:11]</b> But <del>and</del> <ins>even</ins> if she <ins>does</ins> depart, let her remain unmarried or be reconciled to her <del>husband: and let not the</del> <ins>husband. And a</ins> husband <del>put away</del> <ins>is not to divorce</ins> his wife.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 7:12]</b> But to the rest <del>speak</del> I, not the <del>Lord:</del> <ins>Lord, say:</ins> If any brother <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> a wife <del>that believeth not,</del> <ins>who does not believe,</ins> and she <del>be pleased</del> <ins>is willing</ins> to <del>dwell</del> <ins>live</ins> with him, let him not <del>put her away.</del> <ins>divorce her.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 7:13]</b> And <del>the</del> <ins>a</ins> woman <del>which hath an</del> <ins>who has a</ins> husband <del>that believeth not, and</del> <ins>who does not believe,</ins> if he <del>be pleased</del> <ins>is willing</ins> to <del>dwell</del> <ins>live</ins> with her, let her not <del>leave</del> <ins>divorce</ins> him.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 7:14]</b> For the unbelieving husband is sanctified by the wife, and the unbelieving wife is sanctified by the <del>husband: else were</del> <ins>husband; otherwise</ins> your children <del>unclean;</del> <ins>would be unclean,</ins> but now <del>are</del> they <ins>are</ins> holy.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 7:15]</b> But if the <del>unbelieving depart,</del> <ins>unbeliever departs,</ins> let him <del>depart. A</del> <ins>depart; a</ins> brother or a sister is not under bondage in such <del>cases: but</del> <ins>cases. But</ins> God <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> called us to peace.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 7:16]</b> For <del>what knowest thou,</del> <ins>how do you know,</ins> O wife, whether <del>thou shalt</del> <ins>you will</ins> save <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> husband? <del>or</del> <ins>Or</ins> how <del>knowest thou,</del> <ins>do you know,</ins> O <del>man,</del> <ins>husband,</ins> whether <del>thou shalt</del> <ins>you will</ins> save <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> wife?</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 7:17]</b> But as God <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> distributed to <del>every man,</del> <ins>each one,</ins> as the Lord <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> called <del>every</del> <ins>each</ins> one, so let him walk. And so <del>ordain</del> I <ins>ordain</ins> in all <ins>the</ins> churches.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 7:18]</b> <del>Is any man</del> <ins>Was anyone</ins> called <del>being</del> <ins>while</ins> circumcised? <del>let</del> <ins>Let</ins> him not become uncircumcised. <del>Is any</del> <ins>Was anyone</ins> called <del>in uncircumcision? let</del> <ins>while uncircumcised? Let</ins> him not be circumcised.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 7:19]</b> Circumcision is <del>nothing,</del> <ins>nothing</ins> and uncircumcision is nothing, but <del>the</del> keeping <del>of</del> the commandments of <del>God.</del> <ins>God is what matters.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 7:20]</b> Let <del>every man abide</del> <ins>each one remain</ins> in the same calling <del>wherein</del> <ins>in which</ins> he was called.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 7:21]</b> <del>Art thou</del> <ins>Were you</ins> called <del>being</del> <ins>while</ins> a <del>servant? care</del> <ins>slave? Do</ins> not <del>for it:</del> <ins>be concerned about it;</ins> but if <del>thou mayest</del> <ins>you can</ins> be made free, <ins>rather</ins> use <del>it rather.</del> <ins>it.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 7:22]</b> For he <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> is called in the <del>Lord, being</del> <ins>Lord while</ins> a <del>servant,</del> <ins>slave</ins> is the Lord's <del>freeman: likewise also</del> <ins>freedman. Likewise</ins> he <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> is <del>called, being free,</del> <ins>called while free</ins> is Christ's <del>servant.</del> <ins>slave.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 7:23]</b> <del>Ye are</del> <ins>You were</ins> bought <del>with</del> <ins>at</ins> a price; <del>be</del> <ins>do</ins> not <del>ye the servants</del> <ins>become slaves</ins> of men.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 7:24]</b> Brethren, let <del>every man, wherein he is called, therein abide</del> <ins>each one remain</ins> with <del>God.</del> <ins>God in that state in which he was called.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 7:25]</b> Now concerning <del>virgins</del> <ins>virgins:</ins> I have no commandment <del>of</del> <ins>from</ins> the <del>Lord:</del> <ins>Lord;</ins> yet I give <del>my judgment,</del> <ins>judgment</ins> as one <del>that hath obtained mercy of</del> <ins>whom</ins> the Lord <del>to be faithful.</del> <ins>in His mercy has made trustworthy.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 7:26]</b> I suppose therefore that this is good <del>for</del> <ins>because of</ins> the present <del>distress, I say, that</del> <ins>distress--that</ins> it is good for a man <del>so</del> to <del>be.</del> <ins>remain as he is:</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 7:27]</b> <del>Art thou</del> <ins>Are you</ins> bound <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> a wife? <del>seek</del> <ins>Do</ins> not <ins>seek</ins> to be loosed. <del>Art thou</del> <ins>Are you</ins> loosed from a wife? <del>seek</del> <ins>Do</ins> not <ins>seek</ins> a wife.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 7:28]</b> But <del>and</del> <ins>even</ins> if <del>thou</del> <ins>you do</ins> marry, <del>thou hast</del> <ins>you have</ins> not sinned; and if a virgin <del>marry,</del> <ins>marries,</ins> she <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> not sinned. Nevertheless such <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> have trouble in the <del>flesh:</del> <ins>flesh,</ins> but I <ins>would</ins> spare you.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 7:29]</b> But this I say, brethren, the time is <del>short: it remaineth,</del> <ins>short, so</ins> that <del>both they that</del> <ins>from now on even those who</ins> have wives <ins>should</ins> be as though they had <del>none;</del> <ins>none,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 7:30]</b> <del>And they that weep,</del> <ins>those who weep</ins> as though they <del>wept not; and they that rejoice,</del> <ins>did not weep, those who rejoice</ins> as though they <del>rejoiced not; and they that buy,</del> <ins>did not rejoice, those who buy</ins> as though they <del>possessed not;</del> <ins>did not possess,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 7:31]</b> <del>And they that</del> <ins>and those who</ins> use this <del>world,</del> <ins>world</ins> as not <del>abusing it: for</del> <ins>misusing it. For</ins> the <del>fashion</del> <ins>form</ins> of this world <del>passeth</del> <ins>is passing</ins> away.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 7:32]</b> But I <del>would have</del> <ins>want</ins> you <ins>to be</ins> without <del>carefulness.</del> <ins>care.</ins> He <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> is unmarried <del>careth</del> <ins>cares</ins> for the things <del>that belong to</del> <ins>of</ins> the <del>Lord, how</del> <ins>Lord--how</ins> he may please the <del>Lord:</del> <ins>Lord.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 7:33]</b> But he <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> is married <del>careth for</del> <ins>cares about</ins> the things <del>that are</del> of the <del>world, how</del> <ins>world--how</ins> he may please his wife.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 7:34]</b> There is <ins>a</ins> difference <del>also</del> between a wife and a virgin. The unmarried woman <del>careth for</del> <ins>cares about</ins> the things of the Lord, that she may be holy both in body and in <del>spirit: but</del> <ins>spirit. But</ins> she <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> is married <del>careth for</del> <ins>cares about</ins> the things of the <del>world, how</del> <ins>world--how</ins> she may please her husband.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 7:35]</b> And this I <del>speak</del> <ins>say</ins> for your own <del>profit;</del> <ins>profit,</ins> not that I may <del>cast</del> <ins>put</ins> a <del>snare upon</del> <ins>leash on</ins> you, but for <del>that which</del> <ins>what</ins> is <del>comely,</del> <ins>proper,</ins> and that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> may <del>attend upon</del> <ins>serve</ins> the Lord without distraction.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 7:36]</b> But if any man <del>think that</del> <ins>thinks</ins> he <del>behaveth himself uncomely</del> <ins>is behaving improperly</ins> toward his virgin, if she <del>pass</del> <ins>is past</ins> the flower of <del>her age,</del> <ins>youth,</ins> and <del>need so require,</del> <ins>thus it must be,</ins> let him do what he <del>will, he sinneth not:</del> <ins>wishes. He does not sin;</ins> let them marry.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 7:37]</b> Nevertheless he <del>that standeth stedfast</del> <ins>who stands steadfast</ins> in his heart, having no necessity, but <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> power over his own will, and <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> so <del>decreed</del> <ins>determined</ins> in his heart that he will keep his virgin, <del>doeth</del> <ins>does</ins> well.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 7:38]</b> So then he <del>that giveth</del> <ins>who gives</ins> her in marriage <del>doeth well;</del> <ins>does well,</ins> but he <del>that giveth her</del> <ins>who does</ins> not <ins>give her</ins> in marriage <del>doeth</del> <ins>does</ins> better.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 7:39]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>A</ins> wife is bound by <del>the</del> law as long as her husband <del>liveth;</del> <ins>lives;</ins> but if her husband <del>be dead,</del> <ins>dies,</ins> she is at liberty to be married to whom she <del>will;</del> <ins>wishes,</ins> only in the Lord.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 7:40]</b> But she is happier if she <del>so abide, after</del> <ins>remains as she is, according to</ins> my <del>judgment: and</del> <ins>judgment--and</ins> I think <del>also that</del> I <ins>also</ins> have the Spirit of God.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 8:1]</b> Now <del>as touching</del> <ins>concerning</ins> things offered <del>unto idols, we</del> <ins>to idols: We</ins> know that we all have knowledge. Knowledge <del>puffeth</del> <ins>puffs</ins> up, but <del>charity edifieth.</del> <ins>love edifies.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 8:2]</b> And if <del>any man think</del> <ins>anyone thinks</ins> that he <del>knoweth any thing,</del> <ins>knows anything,</ins> he <del>knoweth</del> <ins>knows</ins> nothing yet as he ought to know.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 8:3]</b> But if <del>any man love</del> <ins>anyone loves</ins> God, <del>the same</del> <ins>this one</ins> is known <del>of him.</del> <ins>by Him.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 8:4]</b> <del>As</del> <ins>Therefore</ins> concerning <del>therefore</del> the eating of <del>those</del> things <del>that are</del> offered <del>in sacrifice unto</del> <ins>to</ins> idols, we know that an idol is nothing in the world, and that there is <del>none</del> <ins>no</ins> other God but one.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 8:5]</b> For <del>though</del> <ins>even if</ins> there <del>be that</del> are <del>called</del> <ins>so-called</ins> gods, whether in heaven or <del>in earth,</del> <ins>on earth</ins> (as there <del>be</del> <ins>are many</ins> gods <del>many,</del> and <del>lords many,)</del> <ins>many lords),</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 8:6]</b> <del>But to</del> <ins>yet for</ins> us there is <del>but</del> one God, the Father, of whom are all things, and we <del>in him;</del> <ins>for Him;</ins> and one Lord Jesus Christ, <del>by</del> <ins>through</ins> whom are all things, and <ins>through whom</ins> we <del>by him.</del> <ins>live.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 8:7]</b> <del>Howbeit</del> <ins>However,</ins> there is not in <del>every man</del> <ins>everyone</ins> that <del>knowledge:</del> <ins>knowledge;</ins> for <del>some</del> <ins>some,</ins> with <del>conscience</del> <ins>consciousness</ins> of the <del>idol unto this hour</del> <ins>idol, until now</ins> eat it as a thing offered <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> an idol; and their <del>conscience</del> <ins>conscience,</ins> being <del>weak</del> <ins>weak,</ins> is defiled.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 8:8]</b> But <del>meat commendeth us</del> <ins>food does</ins> not <ins>commend us</ins> to <del>God:</del> <ins>God;</ins> for <del>neither, if we eat, are we the better; neither,</del> <ins>neither</ins> if we eat <del>not,</del> <ins>are we the better, nor if we do not eat</ins> are we the worse.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 8:9]</b> But <del>take heed</del> <ins>beware</ins> lest <del>by any means</del> <ins>somehow</ins> this liberty of <del>your's</del> <ins>yours</ins> become a stumbling block to <del>them that</del> <ins>those who</ins> are weak.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 8:10]</b> For if <del>any man see thee which hast</del> <ins>anyone sees you who have</ins> knowledge <del>sit at meat</del> <ins>eating</ins> in <del>the</del> <ins>an</ins> idol's temple, <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> not the conscience of him <del>which</del> <ins>who</ins> is weak be emboldened to eat those things <del>which are</del> offered to <del>idols;</del> <ins>idols?</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 8:11]</b> And <del>through thy</del> <ins>because of your</ins> knowledge shall the weak brother perish, for whom Christ died?</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 8:12]</b> But when <del>ye</del> <ins>you thus</ins> sin <del>so</del> against the brethren, and wound their weak conscience, <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> sin against Christ.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 8:13]</b> <del>Wherefore,</del> <ins>Therefore,</ins> if <del>meat make</del> <ins>food makes</ins> my brother <del>to offend,</del> <ins>stumble,</ins> I will <ins>never again</ins> eat <del>no flesh while the world standeth,</del> <ins>meat,</ins> lest I make my brother <del>to offend.</del> <ins>stumble.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 9:1]</b> Am I <del>am</del> not an apostle? <del>am</del> <ins>Am</ins> I not free? <del>have</del> <ins>Have</ins> I not seen Jesus Christ our Lord? <del>are</del> <ins>Are you</ins> not <del>ye</del> my work in the Lord?</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 9:2]</b> If I <del>be</del> <ins>am</ins> not an apostle <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> others, yet doubtless I am to <del>you: for</del> <ins>you. For you are</ins> the seal of <del>mine</del> <ins>my</ins> apostleship <del>are ye</del> in the Lord.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 9:3]</b> <del>Mine answer</del> <ins>My defense</ins> to <del>them that do</del> <ins>those who</ins> examine me is <del>this,</del> <ins>this:</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 9:4]</b> <del>Have</del> <ins>Do</ins> we <del>not power</del> <ins>have no right</ins> to eat and <del>to</del> drink?</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 9:5]</b> <del>Have</del> <ins>Do</ins> we <del>not power</del> <ins>have no right</ins> to <del>lead about</del> <ins>take along</ins> a <del>sister, a</del> <ins>believing</ins> wife, as <del>well as</del> <ins>do also the</ins> other apostles, <del>and as</del> the <del>brethren</del> <ins>brothers</ins> of the Lord, and Cephas?</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 9:6]</b> Or <del>I</del> <ins>is it</ins> only <ins>Barnabas</ins> and <del>Barnabas,</del> <ins>I who</ins> have <del>not we power</del> <ins>no right</ins> to <del>forbear</del> <ins>refrain from</ins> working?</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 9:7]</b> Who <del>goeth a warfare any time</del> <ins>ever goes to war</ins> at his own <del>charges? who planteth</del> <ins>expense? Who plants</ins> a <del>vineyard,</del> <ins>vineyard</ins> and <del>eateth</del> <ins>does</ins> not <ins>eat</ins> of <del>the fruit thereof? or</del> <ins>its fruit? Or</ins> who <del>feedeth</del> <ins>tends</ins> a <del>flock,</del> <ins>flock</ins> and <del>eateth</del> <ins>does</ins> not <ins>drink</ins> of the milk of the flock?</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 9:8]</b> <del>Say</del> <ins>Do</ins> I <ins>say</ins> these things as a <ins>mere</ins> man? <del>or saith</del> <ins>Or does</ins> not the law <ins>say</ins> the same also?</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 9:9]</b> For it is written in the law of Moses, <del>thou shalt</del> <ins>"You shall</ins> not muzzle <del>the mouth of the</del> <ins>an</ins> ox <del>that treadeth</del> <ins>while it treads</ins> out the <del>corn. Doth</del> <ins>grain." Is it oxen</ins> God <del>take care for oxen?</del> <ins>is concerned about?</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 9:10]</b> Or <del>saith he</del> <ins>does He say</ins> it altogether for our sakes? For our sakes, no doubt, this is <del>written:</del> <ins>written,</ins> that he <del>that ploweth</del> <ins>who plows</ins> should plow in <del>hope;</del> <ins>hope,</ins> and <del>that</del> he <del>that thresheth</del> <ins>who threshes</ins> in hope should be partaker of his hope.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 9:11]</b> If we have sown <del>unto you</del> spiritual <del>things,</del> <ins>things for you,</ins> is it a great thing if we <del>shall</del> reap your <del>carnal</del> <ins>material</ins> things?</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 9:12]</b> If others <del>be</del> <ins>are</ins> partakers of this <del>power</del> <ins>right</ins> over you, are <del>not</del> we <del>rather?</del> <ins>not even more?</ins> Nevertheless we have not used this <del>power;</del> <ins>right,</ins> but <del>suffer</del> <ins>endure</ins> all <del>things,</del> <ins>things</ins> lest we <del>should</del> hinder the gospel of Christ.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 9:13]</b> Do <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> not know that <del>they which</del> <ins>those who</ins> minister <del>about</del> <ins>the</ins> holy things <del>live</del> <ins>eat</ins> of the things of the <del>temple?</del> <ins>temple,</ins> and <del>they which wait</del> <ins>those who serve</ins> at the altar <del>are partakers with</del> <ins>partake of the offerings of</ins> the altar?</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 9:14]</b> Even so <del>hath</del> the Lord <del>ordained</del> <ins>has commanded</ins> that <del>they which</del> <ins>those who</ins> preach the gospel should live <del>of</del> <ins>from</ins> the gospel.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 9:15]</b> But I have used none of these <del>things: neither</del> <ins>things, nor</ins> have I written these <del>things,</del> <ins>things</ins> that it should be <del>so</del> done <del>unto me:</del> <ins>so to me;</ins> for it <del>were</del> <ins>would be</ins> better for me to <del>die,</del> <ins>die</ins> than that <del>any man</del> <ins>anyone</ins> should make my <del>glorying</del> <ins>boasting</ins> void.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 9:16]</b> For <del>though</del> <ins>if</ins> I preach the gospel, I have nothing to <del>glory of:</del> <ins>boast of,</ins> for necessity is laid upon me; <del>yea,</del> <ins>yes,</ins> woe is <del>unto me,</del> <ins>me</ins> if I <del>preach</del> <ins>do</ins> not <ins>preach</ins> the gospel!</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 9:17]</b> For if I do this <del>thing</del> willingly, I have a <del>reward:</del> <ins>reward;</ins> but if against my will, <ins>I have been entrusted with</ins> a <del>dispensation of the gospel is committed unto me.</del> <ins>stewardship.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 9:18]</b> What is my reward then? <del>Verily that,</del> <ins>That</ins> when I preach the gospel, I may <del>make</del> <ins>present</ins> the gospel of Christ without charge, that I <del>abuse</del> <ins>may</ins> not <ins>abuse</ins> my <del>power</del> <ins>authority</ins> in the gospel.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 9:19]</b> For though I <del>be</del> <ins>am</ins> free from all men, <del>yet have</del> I <ins>have</ins> made myself <ins>a</ins> servant <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> all, that I might <del>gain</del> <ins>win</ins> the <del>more.</del> <ins>more;</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 9:20]</b> <del>And unto</del> <ins>and to</ins> the Jews I became as a Jew, that I might <del>gain the</del> <ins>win</ins> Jews; to <del>them that</del> <ins>those who</ins> are under the law, as under the law, that I might <del>gain them that</del> <ins>win those who</ins> are under the law;</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 9:21]</b> <del>To them that</del> <ins>to those who</ins> are without law, as without <del>law, (being not</del> <ins>law (not being</ins> without law <del>to</del> <ins>toward</ins> God, but under <del>the</del> law <del>to Christ,)</del> <ins>toward Christ ),</ins> that I might <del>gain them that</del> <ins>win those who</ins> are without <del>law.</del> <ins>law;</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 9:22]</b> <del>To</del> <ins>to</ins> the weak <del>became</del> I <ins>became</ins> as weak, that I might <del>gain</del> <ins>win</ins> the <del>weak:</del> <ins>weak.</ins> I <del>am made</del> <ins>have become</ins> all things to all men, that I might by all means save some.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 9:23]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Now</ins> this I do for the gospel's sake, that I <del>might</del> <ins>may</ins> be partaker <del>thereof</del> <ins>of it</ins> with you.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 9:24]</b> <del>Know ye</del> <ins>Do you</ins> not <ins>know</ins> that <del>they which</del> <ins>those who</ins> run in a race <del>run all,</del> <ins>all run,</ins> but one <del>receiveth</del> <ins>receives</ins> the prize? <del>So run,</del> <ins>Run in such a way</ins> that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> may <del>obtain.</del> <ins>obtain it.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 9:25]</b> And <del>every man that striveth</del> <ins>everyone who competes</ins> for the <del>mastery</del> <ins>prize</ins> is temperate in all things. Now they do it to obtain a <del>corruptible crown;</del> <ins>perishable crown,</ins> but we <ins>for</ins> an <del>incorruptible.</del> <ins>imperishable crown.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 9:26]</b> <ins>Therefore</ins> I <del>therefore so run,</del> <ins>run thus:</ins> not <del>as uncertainly; so fight I,</del> <ins>with uncertainty. Thus I fight:</ins> not as one <del>that beateth</del> <ins>who beats</ins> the <del>air:</del> <ins>air.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 9:27]</b> But I <del>keep under</del> <ins>discipline</ins> my <del>body,</del> <ins>body</ins> and bring it into <del>subjection: lest that by any means,</del> <ins>subjection, lest,</ins> when I have preached to others, I myself should <del>be a castaway.</del> <ins>become disqualified.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 10:1]</b> Moreover, brethren, I <del>would</del> <ins>do</ins> not <del>that ye should</del> <ins>want you to</ins> be <del>ignorant, how</del> <ins>unaware</ins> that all our fathers were under the cloud, <del>and</del> all passed through the <del>sea;</del> <ins>sea,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 10:2]</b> <del>And were</del> all <ins>were</ins> baptized <del>unto</del> <ins>into</ins> Moses in the cloud and in the <del>sea;</del> <ins>sea,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 10:3]</b> <del>And did</del> all <del>eat</del> <ins>ate</ins> the same spiritual <del>meat;</del> <ins>food,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 10:4]</b> <del>And did</del> <ins>and</ins> all <del>drink</del> <ins>drank</ins> the same spiritual <del>drink: for</del> <ins>drink. For</ins> they drank of that spiritual Rock that followed <del>them:</del> <ins>them,</ins> and that Rock was Christ.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 10:5]</b> But with <del>many</del> <ins>most</ins> of them God was not well <del>pleased:</del> <ins>pleased,</ins> for <del>they</del> <ins>their bodies</ins> were <del>overthrown</del> <ins>scattered</ins> in the wilderness.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 10:6]</b> Now these things <del>were</del> <ins>became</ins> our examples, to the intent <ins>that</ins> we should not lust after evil <del>things,</del> <ins>things</ins> as they also lusted.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 10:7]</b> <del>Neither be ye idolaters,</del> <ins>And do not become idolaters</ins> as were some of <del>them; as</del> <ins>them. As</ins> it is written, <del>The</del> <ins>"The</ins> people sat down to eat and drink, and rose up to <del>play.</del> <ins>play."</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 10:8]</b> <del>Neither</del> <ins>Nor</ins> let us commit <del>fornication,</del> <ins>sexual immorality,</ins> as some of them <del>committed,</del> <ins>did,</ins> and <del>fell</del> in one day <del>three and twenty thousand.</del> <ins>twenty-three thousand fell;</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 10:9]</b> <del>Neither</del> <ins>nor</ins> let us tempt Christ, as some of them also tempted, and were destroyed <del>of serpents.</del> <ins>by serpents;</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 10:10]</b> <del>Neither murmur ye,</del> <ins>nor complain,</ins> as some of them also <del>murmured,</del> <ins>complained,</ins> and were destroyed <del>of</del> <ins>by</ins> the destroyer.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 10:11]</b> Now all these things happened <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> them <del>for examples:</del> <ins>as examples,</ins> and they <del>are</del> <ins>were</ins> written for our admonition, upon whom the ends of the <del>world are</del> <ins>ages have</ins> come.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 10:12]</b> <del>Wherefore</del> <ins>Therefore</ins> let him <del>that thinketh</del> <ins>who thinks</ins> he <del>standeth</del> <ins>stands</ins> take heed lest he fall.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 10:13]</b> <del>There hath no</del> <ins>No</ins> temptation <del>taken</del> <ins>has overtaken</ins> you <del>but</del> <ins>except</ins> such as is common to <del>man:</del> <ins>man;</ins> but God is faithful, who will not <del>suffer</del> <ins>allow</ins> you to be tempted <del>above that ye</del> <ins>beyond what you</ins> are <del>able;</del> <ins>able,</ins> but <del>will</del> with the temptation <ins>will</ins> also make <del>a</del> <ins>the</ins> way <del>to</del> <ins>of</ins> escape, that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> may be able to bear it.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 10:14]</b> <del>Wherefore,</del> <ins>Therefore,</ins> my <del>dearly</del> beloved, flee from idolatry.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 10:15]</b> I speak as to wise men; judge <del>ye</del> <ins>for yourselves</ins> what I say.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 10:17]</b> For <del>we being many</del> <ins>we, though many,</ins> are one <del>bread,</del> <ins>bread</ins> and one <del>body:</del> <ins>body;</ins> for we <del>are</del> all <del>partakers</del> <ins>partake</ins> of that one bread.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 10:18]</b> <del>Behold</del> <ins>Observe</ins> Israel after the flesh: <del>are</del> <ins>Are</ins> not <del>they which</del> <ins>those who</ins> eat of the sacrifices partakers of the altar?</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 10:19]</b> What <del>say</del> <ins>am</ins> I <ins>saying</ins> then? <del>that the</del> <ins>That an</ins> idol is <del>any thing,</del> <ins>anything,</ins> or <del>that which</del> <ins>what</ins> is offered <del>in sacrifice</del> to idols is <del>any thing?</del> <ins>anything?</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 10:20]</b> <del>But I say,</del> <ins>Rather,</ins> that the things which the Gentiles <del>sacrifice,</del> <ins>sacrifice</ins> they sacrifice to <del>devils,</del> <ins>demons</ins> and not to <del>God:</del> <ins>God,</ins> and I <del>would</del> <ins>do</ins> not <del>that ye should</del> <ins>want you to</ins> have fellowship with <del>devils.</del> <ins>demons.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 10:21]</b> <del>Ye</del> <ins>You</ins> cannot drink the cup of the <del>Lord,</del> <ins>Lord</ins> and the cup of <del>devils: ye</del> <ins>demons; you</ins> cannot <del>be partakers</del> <ins>partake</ins> of the Lord's <del>table,</del> <ins>table</ins> and of the table of <del>devils.</del> <ins>demons.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 10:22]</b> <del>Do</del> <ins>Or do</ins> we provoke the Lord to jealousy? <del>are</del> <ins>Are</ins> we stronger than <del>he?</del> <ins>He?</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 10:23]</b> All things are lawful for me, but <ins>not</ins> all things are <del>not expedient:</del> <ins>helpful;</ins> all things are lawful for me, but <ins>not</ins> all things <del>edify not.</del> <ins>edify.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 10:24]</b> Let no <del>man</del> <ins>one</ins> seek his own, but <del>every man another's wealth.</del> <ins>each one the other's well-being.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 10:25]</b> <del>Whatsoever</del> <ins>Eat whatever</ins> is sold in the <del>shambles, that eat,</del> <ins>meat market,</ins> asking no <del>question</del> <ins>questions</ins> for <del>conscience sake:</del> <ins>conscience' sake;</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 10:26]</b> <del>For the</del> <ins>for "the</ins> earth is the <del>Lord's,</del> <ins>LORD's,</ins> and <del>the fulness thereof.</del> <ins>all its fullness."</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 10:27]</b> If any of <del>them that believe</del> <ins>those who do</ins> not <del>bid</del> <ins>believe invites</ins> you to <del>a feast,</del> <ins>dinner,</ins> and <del>ye be disposed</del> <ins>you desire</ins> to <del>go; whatsoever</del> <ins>go, eat whatever</ins> is set before you, <del>eat,</del> asking no question for <del>conscience</del> <ins>conscience'</ins> sake.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 10:28]</b> But if <del>any man say unto</del> <ins>anyone says to</ins> you, <del>this is</del> <ins>"This was</ins> offered <del>in sacrifice unto idols, eat</del> <ins>to idols," do</ins> not <del>for his sake that shewed it, and for conscience sake:</del> <ins>eat it</ins> for the <ins>sake of the one who told you, and for conscience' sake; for "the</ins> earth is the <del>Lord's,</del> <ins>LORD's,</ins> and <del>the fulness thereof:</del> <ins>all its fullness."</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 10:29]</b> <del>Conscience,</del> <ins>"Conscience,"</ins> I say, not <del>thine</del> <ins>your</ins> own, but <ins>that</ins> of the <del>other: for</del> <ins>other. For</ins> why is my liberty judged <del>of</del> <ins>by</ins> another man's conscience?</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 10:30]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>But</ins> if I <del>by grace be a partaker,</del> <ins>partake with thanks,</ins> why am I evil spoken of for <del>that for</del> <ins>the food over</ins> which I give thanks?</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 10:31]</b> <del>Whether therefore ye eat,</del> <ins>Therefore, whether you eat</ins> or drink, or <del>whatsoever ye</del> <ins>whatever you</ins> do, do all to the glory of God.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 10:32]</b> Give <del>none offence, neither</del> <ins>no offense, either</ins> to the <del>Jews, nor</del> <ins>Jews or</ins> to the <del>Gentiles, nor</del> <ins>Greeks or</ins> to the church of <del>God:</del> <ins>God,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 10:33]</b> <del>Even</del> <ins>just</ins> as I <ins>also</ins> please all men in all things, not seeking <del>mine</del> <ins>my</ins> own profit, but the profit of many, that they may be saved.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 11:1]</b> <del>Be ye followers of</del> <ins>Imitate</ins> me, <del>even</del> <ins>just</ins> as I also <del>am of</del> <ins>imitate</ins> Christ.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 11:2]</b> Now I praise you, brethren, that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> remember me in all <del>things,</del> <ins>things</ins> and keep the <del>ordinances,</del> <ins>traditions just</ins> as I delivered them to you.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 11:3]</b> But I <del>would have</del> <ins>want</ins> you <del>know,</del> <ins>to know</ins> that the head of every man is <del>Christ; and</del> <ins>Christ,</ins> the head of <del>the</del> woman is <del>the man;</del> <ins>man,</ins> and the head of Christ is God.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 11:4]</b> Every man praying or prophesying, having his head covered, <del>dishonoureth</del> <ins>dishonors</ins> his head.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 11:5]</b> But every woman <del>that prayeth</del> <ins>who prays</ins> or <del>prophesieth</del> <ins>prophesies</ins> with her head uncovered <del>dishonoureth</del> <ins>dishonors</ins> her <del>head:</del> <ins>head,</ins> for that is <del>even all</del> one <ins>and the same</ins> as if <del>she</del> <ins>her head</ins> were <del>shaven.</del> <ins>shaved.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 11:6]</b> For if <del>the</del> <ins>a</ins> woman <del>be</del> <ins>is</ins> not covered, let her also be <del>shorn: but</del> <ins>shorn. But</ins> if it <del>be a shame</del> <ins>is shameful</ins> for a woman to be shorn or <del>shaven,</del> <ins>shaved,</ins> let her be covered.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 11:7]</b> For a man indeed ought not to cover his head, <del>forasmuch as</del> <ins>since</ins> he is the image and glory of <del>God:</del> <ins>God;</ins> but <del>the</del> woman is the glory of <del>the</del> man.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 11:8]</b> For <del>the</del> man is not <del>of the woman:</del> <ins>from woman,</ins> but <del>the</del> woman <del>of the</del> <ins>from</ins> man.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 11:9]</b> <del>Neither</del> <ins>Nor</ins> was <del>the</del> man created for the <del>woman;</del> <ins>woman,</ins> but <del>the</del> woman for the man.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 11:10]</b> For this <del>cause ought</del> <ins>reason</ins> the woman <ins>ought</ins> to have <del>power</del> <ins>a symbol of authority</ins> on her <del>head</del> <ins>head,</ins> because of the angels.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 11:11]</b> <del>Nevertheless</del> <ins>Nevertheless,</ins> neither is <del>the</del> man <del>without the</del> <ins>independent of</ins> woman, <del>neither the</del> <ins>nor</ins> woman <del>without the</del> <ins>independent of</ins> man, in the Lord.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 11:12]</b> For as <del>the</del> woman <del>is of the</del> <ins>came from</ins> man, even so <del>is the</del> man also <del>by the</del> <ins>comes through</ins> woman; but all things <del>of</del> <ins>are from</ins> God.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 11:13]</b> Judge <del>in yourselves: is</del> <ins>among yourselves. Is</ins> it <del>comely that</del> <ins>proper for</ins> a woman <ins>to</ins> pray <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> God <ins>with her head</ins> uncovered?</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 11:14]</b> <del>Doth</del> <ins>Does</ins> not even nature itself teach <del>you, that,</del> <ins>you that</ins> if a man <del>have</del> <ins>has</ins> long hair, it is a <del>shame unto</del> <ins>dishonor to</ins> him?</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 11:15]</b> But if a woman <del>have</del> <ins>has</ins> long hair, it is a glory to <del>her:</del> <ins>her;</ins> for her hair is given <ins>to</ins> her for a covering.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 11:16]</b> But if <del>any man seem</del> <ins>anyone seems</ins> to be contentious, we have no such custom, <del>neither</del> <ins>nor do</ins> the churches of God.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 11:17]</b> Now in <del>this that</del> <ins>giving these instructions</ins> I <del>declare unto you I</del> <ins>do not</ins> praise <ins>you, since</ins> you <del>not, that ye</del> come together not for the <del>better,</del> <ins>better</ins> but for the worse.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 11:18]</b> For first of all, when <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> come together <del>in the</del> <ins>as a</ins> church, I hear that there <del>be</del> <ins>are</ins> divisions among <del>you;</del> <ins>you,</ins> and <ins>in part</ins> I <del>partly</del> believe it.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 11:19]</b> For there must <del>be</del> also <del>heresies</del> <ins>be factions</ins> among you, that <del>they which</del> <ins>those who</ins> are approved may be <del>made manifest</del> <ins>recognized</ins> among you.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 11:20]</b> <del>When ye</del> <ins>Therefore when you</ins> come together <del>therefore into</del> <ins>in</ins> one place, <del>this</del> <ins>it</ins> is not to eat the Lord's <del>supper.</del> <ins>Supper.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 11:21]</b> For in <del>eating every</del> <ins>eating, each</ins> one <del>taketh before other</del> <ins>takes</ins> his own <del>supper:</del> <ins>supper ahead of others;</ins> and one is <del>hungry,</del> <ins>hungry</ins> and another is <del>drunken.</del> <ins>drunk.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 11:22]</b> <del>What? have ye</del> <ins>What! Do you</ins> not <ins>have</ins> houses to eat and <del>to</del> drink in? <del>or</del> <ins>Or do you</ins> despise <del>ye</del> the church of <del>God,</del> <ins>God</ins> and shame <del>them that</del> <ins>those who</ins> have <del>not? what</del> <ins>nothing? What</ins> shall I say to you? <del>shall</del> <ins>Shall</ins> I praise you in this? I <ins>do not</ins> praise <del>you not.</del> <ins>you.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 11:23]</b> For I <del>have</del> received <del>of</del> <ins>from</ins> the Lord that which <del>also</del> I <ins>also</ins> delivered <del>unto you,</del> <ins>to you:</ins> that the Lord Jesus <ins>on</ins> the same night in which <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> was betrayed took <del>bread:</del> <ins>bread;</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 11:24]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> when <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> had given thanks, <del>he brake it,</del> <ins>He broke it</ins> and said, <del>Take, eat:</del> <ins>"Take, eat;</ins> this is <del>my body,</del> <ins>My body</ins> which is broken for <del>you: this</del> <ins>you;</ins> do <ins>this</ins> in remembrance of <del>me.</del> <ins>Me."</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 11:25]</b> <del>After</del> <ins>In</ins> the same manner <ins>He</ins> also <del>he</del> took the <del>cup, when he had supped,</del> <ins>cup after supper,</ins> saying, <del>this</del> <ins>"This</ins> cup is the new <del>testament</del> <ins>covenant</ins> in <del>my blood: this do ye,</del> <ins>My blood. This do,</ins> as <del>oft</del> <ins>often</ins> as <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> drink it, in remembrance of <del>me.</del> <ins>Me."</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 11:26]</b> For as often as <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> eat this <del>bread,</del> <ins>bread</ins> and drink this cup, <del>ye do shew</del> <ins>you proclaim</ins> the Lord's death till <del>he come.</del> <ins>He comes.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 11:27]</b> <del>Wherefore whosoever shall eat</del> <ins>Therefore whoever eats</ins> this <del>bread, and drink</del> <ins>bread or drinks</ins> this cup of the <del>Lord, unworthily, shall</del> <ins>Lord in an unworthy manner will</ins> be guilty of the body and blood of the Lord.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 11:28]</b> But let a man examine himself, and so let him eat of <del>that bread,</del> <ins>the bread</ins> and drink of <del>that</del> <ins>the</ins> cup.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 11:29]</b> For he <del>that eateth</del> <ins>who eats</ins> and <del>drinketh unworthily, eateth</del> <ins>drinks in an unworthy manner eats</ins> and <del>drinketh damnation</del> <ins>drinks judgment</ins> to himself, not discerning the Lord's body.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 11:30]</b> For this <del>cause</del> <ins>reason</ins> many are weak and <del>sickly</del> <ins>sick</ins> among you, and many sleep.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 11:31]</b> For if we would judge ourselves, we <del>should</del> <ins>would</ins> not be judged.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 11:32]</b> But when we are judged, we are chastened <del>of</del> <ins>by</ins> the Lord, that we <del>should</del> <ins>may</ins> not be condemned with the world.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 11:33]</b> <del>Wherefore,</del> <ins>Therefore,</ins> my brethren, when <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> come together to eat, <del>tarry one</del> <ins>wait</ins> for <ins>one</ins> another.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 11:34]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>But</ins> if <del>any man hunger,</del> <ins>anyone is hungry,</ins> let him eat at <del>home; that ye</del> <ins>home, lest you</ins> come <del>not</del> together <del>unto condemnation.</del> <ins>for judgment.</ins> And the rest <del>will</del> I <ins>will</ins> set in order when I come.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 12:1]</b> Now concerning spiritual gifts, brethren, I <del>would</del> <ins>do</ins> not <del>have</del> <ins>want</ins> you <del>ignorant.</del> <ins>to be ignorant:</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 12:2]</b> <del>Ye</del> <ins>You</ins> know that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> were Gentiles, carried away <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> these dumb idols, <del>even as ye</del> <ins>however you</ins> were led.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 12:3]</b> <del>Wherefore</del> <ins>Therefore</ins> I <del>give you</del> <ins>make known</ins> to <del>understand,</del> <ins>you</ins> that no <del>man</del> <ins>one</ins> speaking by the Spirit of God <del>calleth</del> <ins>calls</ins> Jesus <del>accursed:</del> <ins>accursed,</ins> and <del>that</del> no <del>man</del> <ins>one</ins> can say that Jesus is <del>the Lord, but</del> <ins>Lord except</ins> by the Holy <del>Ghost.</del> <ins>Spirit.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 12:4]</b> <del>Now there</del> <ins>There</ins> are diversities of gifts, but the same Spirit.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 12:5]</b> <del>And there</del> <ins>There</ins> are differences of <del>administrations,</del> <ins>ministries,</ins> but the same Lord.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 12:6]</b> And there are diversities of <del>operations,</del> <ins>activities,</ins> but it is the same God <del>which worketh</del> <ins>who works</ins> all in all.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 12:7]</b> But the manifestation of the Spirit is given to <del>every man to</del> <ins>each one for the</ins> profit <del>withal.</del> <ins>of all:</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 12:8]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>for</ins> to one is given <del>by the Spirit</del> the word of <del>wisdom;</del> <ins>wisdom through the Spirit,</ins> to another the word of knowledge <del>by</del> <ins>through</ins> the same <del>Spirit;</del> <ins>Spirit,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 12:9]</b> <del>To</del> <ins>to</ins> another faith by the same <del>Spirit;</del> <ins>Spirit,</ins> to another <del>the</del> gifts of <del>healing</del> <ins>healings</ins> by the same <del>Spirit;</del> <ins>Spirit,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 12:10]</b> <del>To</del> <ins>to</ins> another the working of <del>miracles;</del> <ins>miracles,</ins> to another <del>prophecy;</del> <ins>prophecy,</ins> to another discerning of <del>spirits;</del> <ins>spirits,</ins> to another <del>divers</del> <ins>different</ins> kinds of <del>tongues;</del> <ins>tongues,</ins> to another the interpretation of <del>tongues:</del> <ins>tongues.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 12:11]</b> But <del>all these worketh that</del> one and the <del>selfsame Spirit, dividing</del> <ins>same Spirit works all these things, distributing</ins> to <del>every man severally</del> <ins>each one individually</ins> as <del>he will.</del> <ins>He wills.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 12:12]</b> For as the body is <del>one,</del> <ins>one</ins> and <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> many members, <del>and</del> <ins>but</ins> all the members of that one body, being many, are one <del>body:</del> <ins>body,</ins> so also is Christ.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 12:13]</b> For by one Spirit <del>are</del> we <ins>were</ins> all baptized into one <del>body, whether we be</del> <ins>body--whether</ins> Jews or <del>Gentiles,</del> <ins>Greeks,</ins> whether <del>we be bond</del> <ins>slaves</ins> or <del>free; and</del> <ins>free--and</ins> have <del>been</del> all <ins>been</ins> made to drink into one Spirit.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 12:14]</b> For <ins>in fact</ins> the body is not one <del>member,</del> <ins>member</ins> but many.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 12:15]</b> If the foot <del>shall</del> <ins>should</ins> say, <del>Because</del> <ins>"Because</ins> I am not <del>the</del> <ins>a</ins> hand, I am not of the <del>body;</del> <ins>body,"</ins> is it therefore not of the body?</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 12:16]</b> And if the ear <del>shall</del> <ins>should</ins> say, <del>Because</del> <ins>"Because</ins> I am not <del>the</del> <ins>an</ins> eye, I am not of the <del>body;</del> <ins>body,"</ins> is it therefore not of the body?</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 12:17]</b> If the whole body were an eye, where <del>were</del> <ins>would be</ins> the hearing? If the whole were hearing, where <del>were</del> <ins>would be</ins> the smelling?</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 12:18]</b> But now <del>hath</del> God <ins>has</ins> set the <del>members every</del> <ins>members, each</ins> one of <del>them</del> <ins>them,</ins> in the <del>body,</del> <ins>body just</ins> as <del>it hath pleased him.</del> <ins>He pleased.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 12:19]</b> And if they were all one member, where <del>were</del> <ins>would</ins> the <del>body?</del> <ins>body be?</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 12:20]</b> But now <ins>indeed there</ins> are <del>they</del> many members, yet <del>but</del> one body.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 12:21]</b> And the eye cannot say <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the hand, <del>I</del> <ins>"I</ins> have no need of <del>thee:</del> <ins>you";</ins> nor again the head to the feet, <del>I</del> <ins>"I</ins> have no need of <del>you.</del> <ins>you."</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 12:22]</b> <del>Nay,</del> <ins>No,</ins> much <del>more</del> <ins>rather,</ins> those members of the <del>body,</del> <ins>body</ins> which seem to be <del>more feeble,</del> <ins>weaker</ins> are <del>necessary:</del> <ins>necessary.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 12:23]</b> And those members of the <del>body,</del> <ins>body</ins> which we think to be less <del>honourable, upon</del> <ins>honorable, on</ins> these we bestow <del>more abundant honour;</del> <ins>greater honor;</ins> and our <del>uncomely</del> <ins>unpresentable</ins> parts have <del>more abundant comeliness.</del> <ins>greater modesty,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 12:24]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>but</ins> our <del>comely</del> <ins>presentable</ins> parts have no <del>need: but</del> <ins>need. But</ins> God <del>hath tempered</del> <ins>composed</ins> the <del>body together,</del> <ins>body,</ins> having given <del>more abundant honour</del> <ins>greater honor</ins> to that part which <del>lacked.</del> <ins>lacks it,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 12:25]</b> <del>That</del> <ins>that</ins> there should be no schism in the <del>body;</del> <ins>body,</ins> but that the members should have the same care <del>one</del> for <ins>one</ins> another.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 12:26]</b> And <del>whether</del> <ins>if</ins> one member <del>suffer,</del> <ins>suffers,</ins> all the members suffer with it; or <ins>if</ins> one member <del>be honoured,</del> <ins>is honored,</ins> all the members rejoice with it.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 12:27]</b> Now <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> are the body of Christ, and members <del>in particular.</del> <ins>individually.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 12:28]</b> And God <del>hath set some</del> <ins>has appointed these</ins> in the <del>church,</del> <ins>church:</ins> first apostles, <del>secondarily</del> <ins>second</ins> prophets, <del>thirdly</del> <ins>third</ins> teachers, after that miracles, then gifts of healings, helps, <del>governments, diversities</del> <ins>administrations, varieties</ins> of tongues.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 12:29]</b> Are all apostles? <del>are</del> <ins>Are</ins> all prophets? <del>are</del> <ins>Are</ins> all teachers? <del>are</del> <ins>Are</ins> all workers of miracles?</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 12:30]</b> <del>Have</del> <ins>Do</ins> all <del>the</del> <ins>have</ins> gifts of <del>healing? do</del> <ins>healings? Do</ins> all speak with tongues? <del>do</del> <ins>Do</ins> all interpret?</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 12:31]</b> But <del>covet</del> earnestly <ins>desire</ins> the best <del>gifts: and</del> <ins>gifts. And</ins> yet <del>shew</del> I <del>unto</del> <ins>show</ins> you a more excellent way.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 13:1]</b> Though I speak with the tongues of men and of angels, <del>and</del> <ins>but</ins> have not <del>charity,</del> <ins>love,</ins> I <del>am</del> <ins>have</ins> become <del>as</del> sounding <del>brass,</del> <ins>brass</ins> or a <del>tinkling</del> <ins>clanging</ins> cymbal.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 13:2]</b> And though I have the gift of prophecy, and understand all <del>mysteries,</del> <ins>mysteries</ins> and all <del>knowledge;</del> <ins>knowledge,</ins> and though I have all faith, so that I could remove mountains, <del>and</del> <ins>but</ins> have not <del>charity,</del> <ins>love,</ins> I am nothing.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 13:3]</b> And though I bestow all my goods to feed the poor, and though I give my body to be burned, <del>and</del> <ins>but</ins> have not <del>charity,</del> <ins>love,</ins> it <del>profiteth</del> <ins>profits</ins> me nothing.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 13:4]</b> <del>Charity suffereth long,</del> <ins>Love suffers long</ins> and is kind; <del>charity envieth not; charity vaunteth</del> <ins>love does</ins> not <ins>envy; love does not parade</ins> itself, is not puffed <del>up,</del> <ins>up;</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 13:5]</b> <del>Doth</del> <ins>does</ins> not behave <del>itself unseemly, seeketh</del> <ins>rudely, does</ins> not <del>her</del> <ins>seek its</ins> own, is not <del>easily</del> provoked, <del>thinketh</del> <ins>thinks</ins> no evil;</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 13:6]</b> <del>Rejoiceth</del> <ins>does</ins> not <ins>rejoice</ins> in iniquity, but <del>rejoiceth</del> <ins>rejoices</ins> in the truth;</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 13:7]</b> <del>Beareth</del> <ins>bears</ins> all things, <del>believeth</del> <ins>believes</ins> all things, <del>hopeth</del> <ins>hopes</ins> all things, <del>endureth</del> <ins>endures</ins> all things.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 13:8]</b> <del>Charity</del> <ins>Love</ins> never <del>faileth: but</del> <ins>fails. But</ins> whether there <del>be</del> <ins>are</ins> prophecies, they <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> fail; whether there <del>be</del> <ins>are</ins> tongues, they <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> cease; whether there <del>be</del> <ins>is</ins> knowledge, it <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> vanish away.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 13:9]</b> For we know in <del>part,</del> <ins>part</ins> and we prophesy in part.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 13:10]</b> But when that which is perfect <del>is</del> <ins>has</ins> come, then that which is in part <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be done away.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 13:11]</b> When I was a child, I <del>spake</del> <ins>spoke</ins> as a child, I understood as a child, I thought as a <del>child:</del> <ins>child;</ins> but when I became a man, I put away childish things.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 13:12]</b> For now we see <del>through</del> <ins>in</ins> a <del>glass, darkly;</del> <ins>mirror, dimly,</ins> but then face to <del>face: now</del> <ins>face. Now</ins> I know in <del>part;</del> <ins>part,</ins> but then <del>shall</del> I <ins>shall</ins> know <del>even</del> <ins>just</ins> as <del>also</del> I <ins>also</ins> am known.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 13:13]</b> And now <del>abideth</del> <ins>abide</ins> faith, hope, <del>charity,</del> <ins>love,</ins> these three; but the greatest of these is <del>charity.</del> <ins>love.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 14:1]</b> <del>Follow after charity,</del> <ins>Pursue love,</ins> and desire spiritual gifts, but <del>rather</del> <ins>especially</ins> that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> may prophesy.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 14:2]</b> For he <del>that speaketh</del> <ins>who speaks</ins> in <del>an unknown</del> <ins>a</ins> tongue <del>speaketh</del> <ins>does</ins> not <del>unto men,</del> <ins>speak to men</ins> but <del>unto God:</del> <ins>to God,</ins> for no <del>man understandeth</del> <ins>one understands</ins> him; <del>howbeit</del> <ins>however,</ins> in the spirit he <del>speaketh</del> <ins>speaks</ins> mysteries.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 14:3]</b> But he <del>that prophesieth speaketh unto men to edification,</del> <ins>who prophesies speaks edification</ins> and <del>exhortation,</del> <ins>exhortation</ins> and <del>comfort.</del> <ins>comfort to men.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 14:4]</b> He <del>that speaketh</del> <ins>who speaks</ins> in <del>an unknown</del> <ins>a</ins> tongue <del>edifieth himself;</del> <ins>edifies himself,</ins> but he <del>that prophesieth edifieth</del> <ins>who prophesies edifies</ins> the church.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 14:5]</b> I <del>would that ye</del> <ins>wish you</ins> all <del>spake with tongues but rather that ye prophesied: for greater is he that prophesieth than he that speaketh</del> <ins>spoke</ins> with tongues, <del>except</del> <ins>but even more that you prophesied; for</ins> he <del>interpret,</del> <ins>who prophesies is greater than he who speaks with tongues, unless indeed he interprets,</ins> that the church may receive <del>edifying.</del> <ins>edification.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 14:6]</b> <del>Now,</del> <ins>But now,</ins> brethren, if I come <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> you speaking with tongues, what shall I profit <del>you, except</del> <ins>you unless</ins> I <del>shall</del> speak to you either by revelation, <del>or</del> by knowledge, <del>or</del> by prophesying, or by <del>doctrine?</del> <ins>teaching?</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 14:7]</b> <del>And even</del> <ins>Even</ins> things without <del>life giving sound,</del> <ins>life,</ins> whether <del>pipe</del> <ins>flute</ins> or harp, <del>except</del> <ins>when</ins> they <del>give</del> <ins>make a sound, unless they make</ins> a distinction in the sounds, how <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> it be known what is piped or <del>harped?</del> <ins>played?</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 14:8]</b> For if the trumpet <del>give</del> <ins>makes</ins> an uncertain sound, who <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> prepare <del>himself to the</del> <ins>for</ins> battle?</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 14:9]</b> So likewise <del>ye, except ye</del> <ins>you, unless you</ins> utter by the tongue words easy to <del>be understood,</del> <ins>understand,</ins> how <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> it be known what is spoken? <del>for ye shall speak</del> <ins>For you will be speaking</ins> into the air.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 14:10]</b> There are, it may be, so many kinds of <del>voices</del> <ins>languages</ins> in the world, and none of them is without <del>signification.</del> <ins>significance.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 14:11]</b> <del>Therefore</del> <ins>Therefore,</ins> if I <del>know</del> <ins>do</ins> not <ins>know</ins> the meaning of the <del>voice,</del> <ins>language,</ins> I shall be <del>unto him that speaketh</del> a <del>barbarian,</del> <ins>foreigner to him who speaks,</ins> and he <del>that speaketh shall</del> <ins>who speaks will</ins> be a <del>barbarian unto</del> <ins>foreigner to</ins> me.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 14:12]</b> Even so <del>ye, forasmuch as ye</del> <ins>you, since you</ins> are zealous <del>of</del> <ins>for</ins> spiritual gifts, <del>seek that ye may excel to</del> <ins>let it be for</ins> the <del>edifying</del> <ins>edification</ins> of the <del>church.</del> <ins>church that you seek to excel.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 14:13]</b> <del>Wherefore</del> <ins>Therefore</ins> let him <del>that speaketh</del> <ins>who speaks</ins> in <del>an unknown</del> <ins>a</ins> tongue pray that he may interpret.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 14:14]</b> For if I pray in <del>an unknown</del> <ins>a</ins> tongue, my spirit <del>prayeth,</del> <ins>prays,</ins> but my understanding is unfruitful.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 14:15]</b> What is <del>it</del> <ins>the conclusion</ins> then? I will pray with the spirit, and I will <ins>also</ins> pray with the <del>understanding also:</del> <ins>understanding.</ins> I will sing with the spirit, and I will <ins>also</ins> sing with the <del>understanding also.</del> <ins>understanding.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 14:16]</b> <del>Else when thou shalt</del> <ins>Otherwise, if you</ins> bless with the spirit, how <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> he <del>that occupieth</del> <ins>who occupies</ins> the <del>room</del> <ins>place</ins> of the <del>unlearned</del> <ins>uninformed</ins> say <del>Amen</del> <ins>"Amen"</ins> at <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> giving of thanks, <del>seeing</del> <ins>since</ins> he <del>understandeth</del> <ins>does</ins> not <ins>understand</ins> what <del>thou sayest?</del> <ins>you say?</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 14:17]</b> For <del>thou verily givest</del> <ins>you indeed give</ins> thanks well, but the other is not edified.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 14:18]</b> I thank my <del>God,</del> <ins>God</ins> I speak with tongues more than <del>ye all:</del> <ins>you all;</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 14:19]</b> <del>Yet</del> <ins>yet</ins> in the church I <del>had</del> <ins>would</ins> rather speak five words with my understanding, that <del>by my voice</del> I <del>might</del> <ins>may</ins> teach others also, than ten thousand words in <del>an unknown</del> <ins>a</ins> tongue.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 14:20]</b> Brethren, <del>be</del> <ins>do</ins> not <ins>be</ins> children in <del>understanding: howbeit</del> <ins>understanding; however,</ins> in malice be <del>ye children,</del> <ins>babes,</ins> but in understanding be <del>men.</del> <ins>mature.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 14:21]</b> In the law it is <del>written, With</del> <ins>written: "With</ins> men of other tongues and other lips <del>will</del> I <ins>will</ins> speak <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> this people; <del>and yet</del> <ins>And yet,</ins> for all <del>that will</del> <ins>that,</ins> they <ins>will</ins> not hear <del>me, saith</del> <ins>Me," says</ins> the Lord.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 14:22]</b> <del>Wherefore</del> <ins>Therefore</ins> tongues are for a sign, not to <del>them that believe,</del> <ins>those who believe</ins> but to <del>them that believe not:</del> <ins>unbelievers;</ins> but prophesying <del>serveth</del> <ins>is</ins> not for <del>them that believe not,</del> <ins>unbelievers</ins> but for <del>them which</del> <ins>those who</ins> believe.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 14:23]</b> <del>If therefore</del> <ins>Therefore if</ins> the whole church <del>be come</del> <ins>comes</ins> together <del>into</del> <ins>in</ins> one place, and all speak with tongues, and there come in those <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> are <del>unlearned,</del> <ins>uninformed</ins> or unbelievers, will they not say that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> are <del>mad?</del> <ins>out of your mind?</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 14:24]</b> But if all prophesy, and <del>there come in one that believeth not,</del> <ins>an unbeliever</ins> or <del>one unlearned,</del> <ins>an uninformed person comes in,</ins> he is convinced <del>of</del> <ins>by</ins> all, he is <del>judged of all:</del> <ins>convicted by all.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 14:25]</b> And thus <del>are</del> the secrets of his heart <del>made manifest;</del> <ins>are revealed;</ins> and <del>so</del> <ins>so,</ins> falling down on his <del>face</del> <ins>face,</ins> he will worship <del>God,</del> <ins>God</ins> and report that God is <del>in you of a truth.</del> <ins>truly among you.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 14:26]</b> How is it then, brethren? <del>when ye</del> <ins>Whenever you</ins> come together, <del>every one</del> <ins>each</ins> of you <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> a psalm, <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> a <del>doctrine, hath</del> <ins>teaching, has</ins> a tongue, <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> a revelation, <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> an interpretation. Let all things be done <del>unto edifying.</del> <ins>for edification.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 14:27]</b> If <del>any man speak</del> <ins>anyone speaks</ins> in <del>an unknown</del> <ins>a</ins> tongue, let <del>it</del> <ins>there</ins> be <del>by two,</del> <ins>two</ins> or at the most <del>by</del> three, <del>and that by course;</del> <ins>each in turn,</ins> and let one interpret.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 14:28]</b> But if there <del>be</del> <ins>is</ins> no interpreter, let him keep <del>silence</del> <ins>silent</ins> in <del>the church;</del> <ins>church,</ins> and let him speak to <del>himself,</del> <ins>himself</ins> and to God.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 14:29]</b> Let <del>the prophets speak</del> two or <del>three,</del> <ins>three prophets speak,</ins> and let the <del>other</del> <ins>others</ins> judge.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 14:30]</b> <del>If any thing be</del> <ins>But if anything is</ins> revealed to another <del>that sitteth</del> <ins>who sits</ins> by, let the first <del>hold his peace.</del> <ins>keep silent.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 14:31]</b> For <del>ye may</del> <ins>you can</ins> all prophesy one by one, that all may <del>learn,</del> <ins>learn</ins> and all may be <del>comforted.</del> <ins>encouraged.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 14:33]</b> For God is not the author of <del>confusion,</del> <ins>confusion</ins> but of peace, as in all <ins>the</ins> churches of the saints.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 14:34]</b> Let your women keep <del>silence</del> <ins>silent</ins> in the <del>churches:</del> <ins>churches,</ins> for <del>it is</del> <ins>they are</ins> not permitted <del>unto them</del> to speak; but they are <del>commanded</del> to be <del>under obedience</del> <ins>submissive,</ins> as <del>also saith</del> the <del>law.</del> <ins>law also says.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 14:35]</b> And if they <del>will</del> <ins>want to</ins> learn <del>any thing,</del> <ins>something,</ins> let them ask their <ins>own</ins> husbands at <del>home:</del> <ins>home;</ins> for it is <del>a shame</del> <ins>shameful</ins> for women to speak in <del>the</del> church.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 14:36]</b> <del>What? came</del> <ins>Or did</ins> the word of God <del>out</del> <ins>come originally</ins> from you? <del>or came</del> <ins>Or was</ins> it <del>unto</del> you <del>only?</del> <ins>only that it reached?</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 14:37]</b> If <del>any man think</del> <ins>anyone thinks</ins> himself to be a <del>prophet,</del> <ins>prophet</ins> or spiritual, let him acknowledge that the things <del>that</del> <ins>which</ins> I write <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> you are the commandments of the Lord.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 14:38]</b> But if <del>any man be</del> <ins>anyone is</ins> ignorant, let him be ignorant.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 14:39]</b> <del>Wherefore,</del> <ins>Therefore,</ins> brethren, <del>covet</del> <ins>desire earnestly</ins> to prophesy, and <del>forbid</del> <ins>do</ins> not <ins>forbid</ins> to speak with tongues.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:1]</b> Moreover, brethren, I declare <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> you the gospel which I preached <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> you, which also <del>ye have received,</del> <ins>you received</ins> and <del>wherein ye stand;</del> <ins>in which you stand,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:2]</b> <del>By</del> <ins>by</ins> which also <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> are saved, if <del>ye keep in memory what</del> <ins>you hold fast that word which</ins> I preached <del>unto you, unless ye have</del> <ins>to you--unless you</ins> believed in vain.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:3]</b> For I delivered <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> you first of all that which I also <del>received, how</del> <ins>received:</ins> that Christ died for our sins according to the <del>scriptures;</del> <ins>Scriptures,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:4]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> that <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> was buried, and that <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> rose again the third day according to the <del>scriptures:</del> <ins>Scriptures,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:5]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> that <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> was seen <del>of</del> <ins>by</ins> Cephas, then <del>of</del> <ins>by</ins> the <del>twelve:</del> <ins>twelve.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:6]</b> After <del>that, he</del> <ins>that He</ins> was seen <del>of above</del> <ins>by over</ins> five hundred brethren at <del>once;</del> <ins>once,</ins> of whom the greater part remain <del>unto this</del> <ins>to the</ins> present, but some <del>are</del> <ins>have</ins> fallen asleep.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:7]</b> After <del>that, he</del> <ins>that He</ins> was seen <del>of James;</del> <ins>by James,</ins> then <del>of</del> <ins>by</ins> all the apostles.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:8]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> last of all <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> was seen <del>of</del> <ins>by</ins> me also, as <del>of</del> <ins>by</ins> one born out of due time.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:9]</b> For I am the least of the apostles, <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> am not <del>meet</del> <ins>worthy</ins> to be called an apostle, because I persecuted the church of God.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:10]</b> But by the grace of God I am what I <del>am:</del> <ins>am,</ins> and <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> grace <del>which was bestowed upon</del> <ins>toward</ins> me was not in vain; but I <del>laboured</del> <ins>labored</ins> more abundantly than they <del>all:</del> <ins>all,</ins> yet not I, but the grace of God which was with me.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:11]</b> <del>Therefore</del> <ins>Therefore,</ins> whether it <del>were</del> <ins>was</ins> I or they, so we <del>preach,</del> <ins>preach</ins> and so <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> believed.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:12]</b> Now if Christ <del>be</del> <ins>is</ins> preached that <del>he rose</del> <ins>He has been raised</ins> from the dead, how <del>say</del> <ins>do</ins> some among you <ins>say</ins> that there is no resurrection of the dead?</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:13]</b> But if there <del>be</del> <ins>is</ins> no resurrection of the dead, then <del>is</del> Christ <ins>is</ins> not <del>risen:</del> <ins>risen.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:14]</b> And if Christ <del>be</del> <ins>is</ins> not risen, then <del>is</del> our preaching <del>vain,</del> <ins>is empty</ins> and your faith is also <del>vain.</del> <ins>empty.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:15]</b> <del>Yea,</del> <ins>Yes,</ins> and we are found false witnesses of <del>God;</del> <ins>God,</ins> because we have testified of God that <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> raised up <del>Christ:</del> <ins>Christ,</ins> whom <del>he raised</del> <ins>He did</ins> not <del>up, if so be that</del> <ins>raise up--if in fact</ins> the dead <del>rise not.</del> <ins>do not rise.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:16]</b> For if the dead <del>rise not,</del> <ins>do not rise,</ins> then <ins>Christ</ins> is not <del>Christ raised:</del> <ins>risen.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:17]</b> And if Christ <del>be</del> <ins>is</ins> not <del>raised,</del> <ins>risen,</ins> your faith is <del>vain; ye</del> <ins>futile; you</ins> are <del>yet</del> <ins>still</ins> in your <del>sins.</del> <ins>sins!</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:18]</b> Then <del>they</del> also <del>which are</del> <ins>those who have</ins> fallen asleep in Christ <del>are</del> <ins>have</ins> perished.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:19]</b> If in this life only we have hope in Christ, we are of all men <ins>the</ins> most <del>miserable.</del> <ins>pitiable.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:20]</b> But now <del>is</del> Christ <ins>is</ins> risen from the dead, and <ins>has</ins> become the firstfruits of <del>them that slept.</del> <ins>those who have fallen asleep.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:21]</b> For since by man came death, by <del>man came</del> <ins>Man</ins> also <ins>came</ins> the resurrection of the dead.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:22]</b> For as in Adam all die, even so in Christ <del>shall</del> all <ins>shall</ins> be made alive.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:23]</b> But <del>every man</del> <ins>each one</ins> in his own order: Christ the <del>firstfruits;</del> <ins>firstfruits,</ins> afterward <del>they that</del> <ins>those who</ins> are Christ's at <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> coming.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:24]</b> Then <del>cometh</del> <ins>comes</ins> the end, when <del>he shall have delivered up</del> <ins>He delivers</ins> the kingdom to <del>God, even</del> <ins>God</ins> the <del>Father;</del> <ins>Father,</ins> when <del>he shall have put down</del> <ins>He puts an end to</ins> all rule and all authority and power.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:25]</b> For <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> must <del>reign,</del> <ins>reign</ins> till <del>he hath</del> <ins>He has</ins> put all enemies under <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> feet.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:26]</b> The last enemy that <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be destroyed is death.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:27]</b> For <del>he hath</del> <ins>"He has</ins> put all things under <del>his feet.</del> <ins>His feet."</ins> But when <del>he saith all</del> <ins>He says "all</ins> things are put under <del>him,</del> <ins>Him,"</ins> it is <del>manifest</del> <ins>evident</ins> that <del>he is excepted, which did</del> <ins>He who</ins> put all things under <del>him.</del> <ins>Him is excepted.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:28]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Now</ins> when all things <del>shall be subdued unto him,</del> <ins>are made subject to Him,</ins> then <del>shall</del> the Son <ins>Himself will</ins> also <del>himself</del> be subject <del>unto him that</del> <ins>to Him who</ins> put all things under <del>him,</del> <ins>Him,</ins> that God may be all in all.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:29]</b> <del>Else</del> <ins>Otherwise,</ins> what <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> they do <del>which</del> <ins>who</ins> are baptized for the dead, if the dead <del>rise</del> <ins>do</ins> not <ins>rise</ins> at all? <del>why</del> <ins>Why then</ins> are they <del>then</del> baptized for the dead?</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:30]</b> And why <del>stand</del> <ins>do</ins> we <ins>stand</ins> in jeopardy every hour?</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:31]</b> I <del>protest</del> <ins>affirm,</ins> by <del>your rejoicing</del> <ins>the boasting in you</ins> which I have in Christ Jesus our Lord, I die daily.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:32]</b> <del>If after</del> <ins>If, in</ins> the manner of <del>men</del> <ins>men,</ins> I have fought with beasts at Ephesus, what <del>advantageth</del> <ins>advantage is</ins> it <del>me, if</del> <ins>to me? If</ins> the dead <del>rise not? let</del> <ins>do not rise, "Let</ins> us eat and <del>drink;</del> <ins>drink,</ins> for <del>to morrow</del> <ins>tomorrow</ins> we <del>die.</del> <ins>die!"</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:33]</b> <del>Be</del> <ins>Do</ins> not <ins>be</ins> deceived: <del>evil communications corrupt</del> <ins>"Evil company corrupts</ins> good <del>manners.</del> <ins>habits."</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:34]</b> Awake to righteousness, and <del>sin not;</del> <ins>do not sin;</ins> for some <del>have</del> <ins>do</ins> not <ins>have</ins> the knowledge of <del>God:</del> <ins>God.</ins> I speak this to your shame.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:35]</b> But <del>some man</del> <ins>someone</ins> will say, <del>How</del> <ins>"How</ins> are the dead raised up? <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> with what body do they <del>come?</del> <ins>come?"</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:36]</b> <del>Thou fool, that which thou sowest</del> <ins>Foolish one, what you sow</ins> is not <del>quickened, except</del> <ins>made alive unless</ins> it <del>die:</del> <ins>dies.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:37]</b> And <del>that which thou sowest, thou sowest</del> <ins>what you sow, you do</ins> not <ins>sow</ins> that body that shall be, but <del>bare grain, it may chance of wheat,</del> <ins>mere grain--perhaps wheat</ins> or <del>of</del> some other <del>grain:</del> <ins>grain.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:38]</b> But God <del>giveth</del> <ins>gives</ins> it a body as <del>it hath pleased him,</del> <ins>He pleases,</ins> and to <del>every</del> <ins>each</ins> seed <del>his</del> <ins>its</ins> own body.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:39]</b> All flesh is not the same <del>flesh:</del> <ins>flesh,</ins> but there is one kind of flesh of men, another flesh of <del>beasts,</del> <ins>animals,</ins> another of <del>fishes,</del> <ins>fish,</ins> and another of birds.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:40]</b> There are also celestial <del>bodies, and</del> bodies <del>terrestrial:</del> <ins>and terrestrial bodies;</ins> but the glory of the celestial is one, and the glory of the terrestrial is another.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:41]</b> There is one glory of the sun, <del>and</del> another glory of the moon, and another glory of the <del>stars:</del> <ins>stars;</ins> for one star <del>differeth</del> <ins>differs</ins> from another star in glory.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:42]</b> So also is the resurrection of the dead. <del>It</del> <ins>The body</ins> is sown in <del>corruption;</del> <ins>corruption,</ins> it is raised in <del>incorruption:</del> <ins>incorruption.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:43]</b> It is sown in <del>dishonour;</del> <ins>dishonor,</ins> it is raised in <del>glory: it</del> <ins>glory. It</ins> is sown in <del>weakness;</del> <ins>weakness,</ins> it is raised in <del>power:</del> <ins>power.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:44]</b> It is sown a natural <del>body;</del> <ins>body,</ins> it is raised a spiritual body. There is a natural body, and there is a spiritual body.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:45]</b> And so it is written, <del>The</del> <ins>"The</ins> first man Adam <del>was made</del> <ins>became</ins> a living <del>soul; the</del> <ins>being." The</ins> last Adam <del>was made</del> <ins>became</ins> a <del>quickening</del> <ins>life-giving</ins> spirit.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:46]</b> <del>Howbeit that was not first which</del> <ins>However, the spiritual</ins> is <del>spiritual,</del> <ins>not first,</ins> but <del>that which is natural;</del> <ins>the natural,</ins> and afterward <del>that which is</del> <ins>the</ins> spiritual.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:47]</b> The first man <del>is</del> <ins>was</ins> of the earth, <del>earthy;</del> <ins>made of dust;</ins> the second <del>man</del> <ins>Man</ins> is the Lord from heaven.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:48]</b> As <del>is</del> <ins>was</ins> the <del>earthy, such are they</del> <ins>man of dust, so</ins> also <del>that</del> are <del>earthy:</del> <ins>those who are made of dust;</ins> and as is the <del>heavenly, such are they</del> <ins>heavenly Man, so</ins> also <del>that</del> <ins>are those who</ins> are heavenly.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:49]</b> And as we have borne the image of the <del>earthy,</del> <ins>man of dust,</ins> we shall also bear the image of the <del>heavenly.</del> <ins>heavenly Man.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:50]</b> Now this I say, brethren, that flesh and blood cannot inherit the kingdom of God; <del>neither doth</del> <ins>nor does</ins> corruption inherit incorruption.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:51]</b> Behold, I <del>shew</del> <ins>tell</ins> you a <del>mystery;</del> <ins>mystery:</ins> We shall not all sleep, but we shall all be <del>changed,</del> <ins>changed--</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:52]</b> <del>In</del> <ins>in</ins> a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last <del>trump: for</del> <ins>trumpet. For</ins> the trumpet <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> sound, and the dead <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:54]</b> So when this corruptible <del>shall have</del> <ins>has</ins> put on incorruption, and this mortal <del>shall have</del> <ins>has</ins> put on immortality, then shall be brought to pass the saying that is <del>written, Death</del> <ins>written: "Death</ins> is swallowed up in <del>victory.</del> <ins>victory."</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:55]</b> <del>O death,</del> <ins>"O Death,</ins> where is <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> sting? O <del>grave,</del> <ins>Hades,</ins> where is <del>thy victory?</del> <ins>your victory?"</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:56]</b> The sting of death is <del>sin;</del> <ins>sin,</ins> and the strength of sin is the law.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:57]</b> But thanks be to God, <del>which giveth</del> <ins>who gives</ins> us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 15:58]</b> Therefore, my beloved brethren, be <del>ye stedfast, unmoveable,</del> <ins>steadfast, immovable,</ins> always abounding in the work of the Lord, <del>forasmuch as ye know</del> <ins>knowing</ins> that your <del>labour</del> <ins>labor</ins> is not in vain in the Lord.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 16:1]</b> Now concerning the collection for the saints, as I have given <del>order</del> <ins>orders</ins> to the churches of Galatia, <del>even</del> so <ins>you must</ins> do <del>ye.</del> <ins>also:</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 16:2]</b> <del>Upon</del> <ins>On</ins> the first day of the week let <del>every</del> <ins>each</ins> one of you lay <del>by him in store,</del> <ins>something aside, storing up</ins> as <del>God hath prospered him,</del> <ins>he may prosper,</ins> that there be no <del>gatherings</del> <ins>collections</ins> when I come.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 16:3]</b> And when I come, <del>whomsoever ye shall</del> <ins>whomever you</ins> approve by your <del>letters, them will</del> <ins>letters</ins> I <ins>will</ins> send to <del>bring</del> <ins>bear</ins> your <del>liberality unto</del> <ins>gift to</ins> Jerusalem.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 16:4]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>But</ins> if it <del>be meet</del> <ins>is fitting</ins> that I go also, they <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> go with me.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 16:5]</b> Now I will come <del>unto you,</del> <ins>to you</ins> when I <del>shall</del> pass through <del>Macedonia: for</del> <ins>Macedonia (for</ins> I <del>do pass</del> <ins>am passing</ins> through <del>Macedonia.</del> <ins>Macedonia).</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 16:6]</b> And it may be that I will <del>abide, yea, and</del> <ins>remain, or even spend the</ins> winter with you, that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> may <del>bring</del> <ins>send</ins> me on my <del>journey whithersoever</del> <ins>journey, wherever</ins> I go.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 16:7]</b> For I <del>will</del> <ins>do</ins> not <ins>wish to</ins> see you now <del>by</del> <ins>on</ins> the way; but I <del>trust</del> <ins>hope</ins> to <del>tarry</del> <ins>stay</ins> a while with you, if the Lord <del>permit.</del> <ins>permits.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 16:8]</b> But I will tarry <del>at</del> <ins>in</ins> Ephesus until Pentecost.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 16:9]</b> For a great <del>door</del> and <del>effectual is</del> <ins>effective door has</ins> opened <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me, and there are many adversaries.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 16:10]</b> <del>Now</del> <ins>And</ins> if <del>Timotheus come,</del> <ins>Timothy comes,</ins> see that he may be with you without <del>fear:</del> <ins>fear;</ins> for he <del>worketh</del> <ins>does</ins> the work of the Lord, as I also do.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 16:11]</b> <del>Let</del> <ins>Therefore let</ins> no <del>man therefore</del> <ins>one</ins> despise <del>him: but conduct</del> <ins>him. But send</ins> him <del>forth</del> <ins>on his journey</ins> in peace, that he may come <del>unto me:</del> <ins>to me;</ins> for I <del>look</del> <ins>am waiting</ins> for him with the brethren.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 16:12]</b> <del>As touching</del> <ins>Now concerning</ins> our brother Apollos, I <del>greatly desired</del> <ins>strongly urged</ins> him to come <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> you with the <del>brethren:</del> <ins>brethren,</ins> but <del>his will</del> <ins>he</ins> was <del>not at all</del> <ins>quite unwilling</ins> to come at this time; <del>but</del> <ins>however,</ins> he will come when he <del>shall have</del> <ins>has a</ins> convenient time.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 16:13]</b> <del>Watch ye,</del> <ins>Watch,</ins> stand fast in the faith, <del>quit you like men,</del> <ins>be brave,</ins> be strong.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 16:14]</b> Let all <del>your things</del> <ins>that you do</ins> be done with <del>charity.</del> <ins>love.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 16:15]</b> I <del>beseech</del> <ins>urge</ins> you, <del>brethren, (ye</del> <ins>brethren--you</ins> know the <del>house</del> <ins>household</ins> of Stephanas, that it is the firstfruits of Achaia, and that they have <del>addicted</del> <ins>devoted</ins> themselves to the ministry of the <del>saints,)</del> <ins>saints--</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 16:16]</b> <del>That ye</del> <ins>that you also</ins> submit <del>yourselves unto</del> <ins>to</ins> such, and to <del>every one that helpeth with us,</del> <ins>everyone who works</ins> and <del>laboureth.</del> <ins>labors with us.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 16:17]</b> I am glad <del>of</del> <ins>about</ins> the coming of <del>Stephanas</del> <ins>Stephanas, Fortunatus,</ins> and <del>Fortunatus and Achaicus:</del> <ins>Achaicus,</ins> for <del>that which</del> <ins>what</ins> was lacking on your part they <del>have</del> supplied.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 16:18]</b> For they <del>have</del> refreshed my spirit and <del>yours: therefore</del> <ins>yours. Therefore</ins> acknowledge <del>ye them that are such.</del> <ins>such men.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 16:19]</b> The churches of Asia <del>salute</del> <ins>greet</ins> you. Aquila and Priscilla <del>salute</del> <ins>greet</ins> you <del>much</del> <ins>heartily</ins> in the Lord, with the church that is in their house.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 16:20]</b> All the brethren greet you. Greet <del>ye</del> one another with <del>an</del> <ins>a</ins> holy kiss.</p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 16:21]</b> The salutation <del>of me Paul</del> with <del>mine</del> <ins>my</ins> own <del>hand.</del> <ins>hand--Paul's.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Corinthians 16:22]</b> If <del>any man love</del> <ins>anyone does</ins> not <ins>love</ins> the Lord Jesus Christ, let him be <del>Anathema Maranatha.</del> <ins>accursed. O Lord, come!</ins></p>