<p><b>[1 Peter 1:1]</b> Peter, an apostle of Jesus Christ, <del>to</del> <ins>To</ins> the <del>strangers scattered throughout</del> <ins>pilgrims of the Dispersion in</ins> Pontus, Galatia, Cappadocia, Asia, and Bithynia,</p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:2]</b> <del>Elect</del> <ins>elect</ins> according to the foreknowledge of God the Father, <del>through</del> <ins>in</ins> sanctification of the Spirit, <del>unto</del> <ins>for</ins> obedience and sprinkling of the blood of Jesus Christ: Grace <del>unto you,</del> <ins>to you</ins> and <del>peace,</del> <ins>peace</ins> be multiplied.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:3]</b> Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, <del>which</del> <ins>who</ins> according to <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> abundant mercy <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> begotten us again <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> a <del>lively</del> <ins>living</ins> hope <del>by</del> <ins>through</ins> the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead,</p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:4]</b> <del>To</del> <ins>to</ins> an inheritance <del>incorruptible,</del> <ins>incorruptible</ins> and <del>undefiled,</del> <ins>undefiled</ins> and that <del>fadeth</del> <ins>does</ins> not <ins>fade</ins> away, reserved in heaven for you,</p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:5]</b> <del>Who</del> <ins>who</ins> are kept by the power of God through faith <del>unto</del> <ins>for</ins> salvation ready to be revealed in the last time.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:6]</b> <del>Wherein ye</del> <ins>In this you</ins> greatly rejoice, though now for a <del>season,</del> <ins>little while,</ins> if need be, <del>ye are in heaviness through manifold temptations:</del> <ins>you have been grieved by various trials,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:7]</b> <del>That</del> <ins>that</ins> the <del>trial</del> <ins>genuineness</ins> of your faith, being much more precious than <del>of</del> gold that <del>perisheth,</del> <ins>perishes,</ins> though it <del>be tried with</del> <ins>is tested by</ins> fire, <del>might</del> <ins>may</ins> be found <del>unto praise and honour</del> <ins>to praise, honor,</ins> and glory at the <del>appearing</del> <ins>revelation</ins> of Jesus <del>Christ:</del> <ins>Christ,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:8]</b> <del>Whom</del> <ins>whom</ins> having not <del>seen, ye love; in whom, though</del> <ins>seen you love. Though</ins> now <del>ye</del> <ins>you do not</ins> see <del>him not,</del> <ins>Him,</ins> yet believing, <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> rejoice with joy <del>unspeakable</del> <ins>inexpressible</ins> and full of <del>glory:</del> <ins>glory,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:9]</b> <del>Receiving</del> <ins>receiving</ins> the end of your <del>faith, even the</del> <ins>faith--the</ins> salvation of your souls.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:10]</b> Of <del>which</del> <ins>this</ins> salvation the prophets have <del>enquired</del> <ins>inquired</ins> and searched <del>diligently,</del> <ins>carefully,</ins> who prophesied of the grace that <del>should</del> <ins>would</ins> come <del>unto you:</del> <ins>to you,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:11]</b> <del>Searching</del> <ins>searching</ins> what, or what manner of <del>time</del> <ins>time,</ins> the Spirit of Christ <del>which</del> <ins>who</ins> was in them <del>did signify,</del> <ins>was indicating</ins> when <del>it</del> <ins>He</ins> testified beforehand the sufferings of <del>Christ,</del> <ins>Christ</ins> and the <del>glory</del> <ins>glories</ins> that <del>should</del> <ins>would</ins> follow.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:12]</b> <del>Unto whom</del> <ins>To them</ins> it was <del>revealed, that</del> <ins>revealed that,</ins> not <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> themselves, but <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> us they <del>did minister</del> <ins>were ministering</ins> the <del>things,</del> <ins>things</ins> which <del>are</del> now <ins>have been</ins> reported <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> you <del>by them that</del> <ins>through those who</ins> have preached the gospel <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> you <del>with</del> <ins>by</ins> the Holy <del>Ghost</del> <ins>Spirit</ins> sent <del>down</del> from <del>heaven;</del> <ins>heaven--things</ins> which <del>things the</del> angels desire to look into.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:13]</b> <del>Wherefore</del> <ins>Therefore</ins> gird up the loins of your mind, be sober, and <ins>rest your</ins> hope <del>to the end for</del> <ins>fully upon</ins> the grace that is to be brought <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> you at the revelation of Jesus Christ;</p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:14]</b> <del>As</del> <ins>as</ins> obedient children, not <del>fashioning</del> <ins>conforming</ins> yourselves <del>according</del> to the former <del>lusts</del> <ins>lusts, as</ins> in your <del>ignorance:</del> <ins>ignorance;</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:15]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>but</ins> as <del>he which hath</del> <ins>He who</ins> called you is holy, <del>so</del> <ins>you also</ins> be <del>ye</del> holy in all <del>manner of conversation;</del> <ins>your conduct,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:16]</b> <del>Because</del> <ins>because</ins> it is written, <del>Be ye holy;</del> <ins>"Be holy,</ins> for I am <del>holy.</del> <ins>holy."</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:17]</b> And if <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> call on the Father, who without <del>respect of persons judgeth</del> <ins>partiality judges</ins> according to <del>every man's</del> <ins>each one's</ins> work, <del>pass</del> <ins>conduct yourselves throughout</ins> the time of your <del>sojourning</del> <ins>stay</ins> here in <del>fear:</del> <ins>fear;</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:18]</b> <del>Forasmuch as ye know</del> <ins>knowing</ins> that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> were not redeemed with corruptible things, <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> silver <del>and</del> <ins>or</ins> gold, from your <del>vain conversation</del> <ins>aimless conduct</ins> received by tradition from your <del>fathers;</del> <ins>fathers,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:19]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>but</ins> with the precious blood of Christ, as of a lamb without blemish and without <del>spot:</del> <ins>spot.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:20]</b> <del>Who verily</del> <ins>He indeed</ins> was foreordained before the foundation of the world, but was manifest in these last times for <del>you,</del> <ins>you</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:21]</b> <del>Who by him do</del> <ins>who through Him</ins> believe in God, <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> raised <del>him up</del> <ins>Him</ins> from the <del>dead,</del> <ins>dead</ins> and gave <del>him glory;</del> <ins>Him glory, so</ins> that your faith and hope <del>might be</del> <ins>are</ins> in God.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:22]</b> <del>Seeing ye</del> <ins>Since you</ins> have purified your souls in obeying the truth through the Spirit <del>unto unfeigned</del> <ins>in sincere</ins> love of the brethren, <del>see that ye</del> love one another <ins>fervently</ins> with a pure <del>heart fervently:</del> <ins>heart,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:23]</b> <del>Being</del> <ins>having been</ins> born again, not of corruptible <del>seed,</del> <ins>seed</ins> but <del>of</del> incorruptible, <del>by</del> <ins>through</ins> the word of <del>God,</del> <ins>God</ins> which <del>liveth</del> <ins>lives</ins> and <del>abideth for ever.</del> <ins>abides forever,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:24]</b> <del>For all</del> <ins>because "All</ins> flesh is as grass, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> all the glory of man as the flower of <ins>the</ins> grass. The grass <del>withereth, and the</del> <ins>withers, And its</ins> flower <del>thereof falleth away:</del> <ins>falls away,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 1:25]</b> But the word of the <del>Lord endureth for ever. And</del> <ins>LORD endures forever." Now</ins> this is the word which by the gospel <del>is</del> <ins>was</ins> preached <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> you.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:1]</b> <del>Wherefore</del> <ins>Therefore,</ins> laying aside all malice, <ins>all deceit, hypocrisy, envy,</ins> and all <del>guile, and hypocrisies, and envies, all</del> evil <del>speakings,</del> <ins>speaking,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:2]</b> <del>As</del> <ins>as</ins> newborn babes, desire the <del>sincere</del> <ins>pure</ins> milk of the word, that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> may grow <del>thereby:</del> <ins>thereby,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:3]</b> <del>If so be ye</del> <ins>if indeed you</ins> have tasted that the Lord is gracious.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:4]</b> <del>To whom coming,</del> <ins>Coming to Him</ins> as <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> a living stone, <del>disallowed</del> <ins>rejected</ins> indeed <del>of</del> <ins>by</ins> men, but chosen <del>of God,</del> <ins>by God</ins> and precious,</p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:5]</b> <del>Ye</del> <ins>you</ins> also, as <del>lively</del> <ins>living</ins> stones, are <ins>being</ins> built up a spiritual house, <del>an</del> <ins>a</ins> holy priesthood, to offer up spiritual <del>sacrifices,</del> <ins>sacrifices</ins> acceptable to God <del>by</del> <ins>through</ins> Jesus Christ.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:6]</b> <del>Wherefore also</del> <ins>Therefore</ins> it is <ins>also</ins> contained in the <del>scripture, Behold,</del> <ins>Scripture, "Behold,</ins> I lay in <del>Sion a</del> <ins>Zion A</ins> chief <del>corner stone,</del> <ins>cornerstone,</ins> elect, <del>precious: and</del> <ins>precious, And</ins> he <del>that believeth</del> <ins>who believes</ins> on <del>him shall not</del> <ins>Him will by no means</ins> be <del>confounded.</del> <ins>put to shame."</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:7]</b> <del>Unto</del> <ins>Therefore, to</ins> you <del>therefore which believe he</del> <ins>who believe, He</ins> is <del>precious:</del> <ins>precious;</ins> but <del>unto them which be</del> <ins>to those who are</ins> disobedient, <del>the</del> <ins>"The</ins> stone which the builders <del>disallowed,</del> <ins>rejected Has become</ins> the <del>same is made the head of the corner,</del> <ins>chief cornerstone,"</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:8]</b> <del>And a</del> <ins>and "A</ins> stone of <del>stumbling, and</del> <ins>stumbling And</ins> a rock of <del>offence, even</del> <ins>offense." They stumble, being disobedient</ins> to <del>them which stumble at</del> the word, <del>being disobedient: whereunto also</del> <ins>to which</ins> they <ins>also</ins> were appointed.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:9]</b> But <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> are a chosen generation, a royal priesthood, <del>an</del> <ins>a</ins> holy nation, <del>a peculiar people;</del> <ins>His own special people,</ins> that <del>ye should shew forth</del> <ins>you may proclaim</ins> the praises of <del>him</del> <ins>Him</ins> who <del>hath</del> called you out of darkness into <del>his marvellous</del> <ins>His marvelous</ins> light;</p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:10]</b> <del>Which in time past</del> <ins>who once</ins> were not a <del>people,</del> <ins>people</ins> but are now the people of <del>God: which</del> <ins>God, who</ins> had not obtained <del>mercy,</del> <ins>mercy</ins> but now have obtained mercy.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:11]</b> <del>Dearly beloved,</del> <ins>Beloved,</ins> I <del>beseech</del> <ins>beg</ins> you as <del>strangers</del> <ins>sojourners</ins> and pilgrims, abstain from fleshly <del>lusts,</del> <ins>lusts</ins> which war against the <del>soul;</del> <ins>soul,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:12]</b> <del>Having</del> <ins>having</ins> your <del>conversation honest</del> <ins>conduct honorable</ins> among the <del>Gentiles: that, whereas</del> <ins>Gentiles, that when</ins> they speak against you as evildoers, they <del>may</del> <ins>may,</ins> by your good <del>works,</del> <ins>works</ins> which they <del>shall behold,</del> <ins>observe,</ins> glorify God in the day of visitation.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:13]</b> <del>Submit</del> <ins>Therefore submit</ins> yourselves to every ordinance of man for the Lord's <del>sake:</del> <ins>sake,</ins> whether <del>it be</del> to the <del>king,</del> <ins>king</ins> as <del>supreme;</del> <ins>supreme,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:14]</b> <del>Or unto</del> <ins>or to</ins> governors, as <del>unto them that</del> <ins>to those who</ins> are sent by him for the punishment of <del>evildoers,</del> <ins>evildoers</ins> and for the praise of <del>them that</del> <ins>those who</ins> do <del>well.</del> <ins>good.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:15]</b> For <del>so</del> <ins>this</ins> is the will of God, that <del>with well</del> <ins>by</ins> doing <del>ye</del> <ins>good you</ins> may put to silence the ignorance of foolish <del>men:</del> <ins>men--</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:16]</b> <del>As</del> <ins>as</ins> free, <del>and</del> <ins>yet</ins> not using <del>your</del> liberty <del>for</del> <ins>as</ins> a <del>cloke of maliciousness,</del> <ins>cloak for vice,</ins> but as <del>the servants</del> <ins>bondservants</ins> of God.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:17]</b> <del>Honour</del> <ins>Honor</ins> all <del>men.</del> <ins>people.</ins> Love the brotherhood. Fear God. <del>Honour</del> <ins>Honor</ins> the king.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:18]</b> Servants, be <del>subject</del> <ins>submissive</ins> to your masters with all <del>fear;</del> <ins>fear,</ins> not only to the good and gentle, but also to the <del>froward.</del> <ins>harsh.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:19]</b> For this is <del>thankworthy,</del> <ins>commendable,</ins> if <del>a man for</del> <ins>because of</ins> conscience toward God <del>endure</del> <ins>one endures</ins> grief, suffering wrongfully.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:20]</b> For what <del>glory</del> <ins>credit</ins> is <del>it,</del> <ins>it</ins> if, when <del>ye be buffeted</del> <ins>you are beaten</ins> for your faults, <del>ye shall</del> <ins>you</ins> take it patiently? <del>but if,</del> <ins>But</ins> when <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> do <del>well,</del> <ins>good</ins> and <del>suffer for it, ye</del> <ins>suffer, if you</ins> take it patiently, this is <del>acceptable with</del> <ins>commendable before</ins> God.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:21]</b> For <del>even hereunto</del> <ins>to this you</ins> were <del>ye called:</del> <ins>called,</ins> because Christ also suffered for us, leaving us an example, that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> should follow <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> steps:</p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:22]</b> <del>Who did</del> <ins>"Who committed</ins> no sin, <del>neither</del> <ins>Nor</ins> was <del>guile</del> <ins>deceit</ins> found in <del>his mouth:</del> <ins>His mouth";</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:23]</b> <del>Who,</del> <ins>who,</ins> when <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> was reviled, <del>reviled</del> <ins>did</ins> not <del>again;</del> <ins>revile in return;</ins> when <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> suffered, <del>he threatened not;</del> <ins>He did not threaten,</ins> but committed <del>himself</del> <ins>Himself</ins> to <del>him that judgeth righteously:</del> <ins>Him who judges righteously;</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:24]</b> <del>Who his own self bare</del> <ins>who Himself bore</ins> our sins in <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> own body on the tree, that we, <del>being dead</del> <ins>having died</ins> to sins, <del>should</del> <ins>might</ins> live <del>unto righteousness: by</del> <ins>for righteousness--by</ins> whose stripes <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> were healed.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 2:25]</b> For <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> were <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> sheep going <del>astray;</del> <ins>astray,</ins> but <del>are</del> <ins>have</ins> now returned <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the Shepherd and <del>Bishop</del> <ins>Overseer</ins> of your souls.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 3:1]</b> <del>Likewise, ye wives,</del> <ins>Wives, likewise,</ins> be <del>in subjection</del> <ins>submissive</ins> to your own <del>husbands; that,</del> <ins>husbands, that even</ins> if <del>any obey</del> <ins>some do</ins> not <ins>obey</ins> the word, <del>they also may</del> <ins>they,</ins> without <del>the word</del> <ins>a word, may</ins> be won by the <del>conversation</del> <ins>conduct</ins> of <del>the wives;</del> <ins>their wives,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 3:2]</b> <del>While</del> <ins>when</ins> they <del>behold</del> <ins>observe</ins> your chaste <del>conversation coupled with</del> <ins>conduct accompanied by</ins> fear.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 3:3]</b> <del>Whose adorning let it</del> <ins>Do</ins> not <ins>let your adornment</ins> be <del>that outward adorning of plaiting</del> <ins>merely outward--arranging</ins> the hair, <del>and of</del> wearing <del>of</del> gold, or <del>of</del> putting on <del>of apparel;</del> <ins>fine apparel--</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 3:4]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>rather</ins> let it be the hidden <del>man</del> <ins>person</ins> of the heart, <del>in that which is not corruptible, even</del> <ins>with</ins> the <del>ornament</del> <ins>incorruptible beauty</ins> of a <del>meek</del> <ins>gentle</ins> and quiet spirit, which is <ins>very precious</ins> in the sight of <del>God of great price.</del> <ins>God.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 3:5]</b> For <del>after this manner</del> in <del>the old time</del> <ins>this manner, in former times,</ins> the holy women <del>also,</del> who trusted in <del>God,</del> <ins>God also</ins> adorned themselves, being <del>in subjection unto</del> <ins>submissive to</ins> their own <del>husbands:</del> <ins>husbands,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 3:6]</b> <del>Even</del> as <del>Sara</del> <ins>Sarah</ins> obeyed Abraham, calling him <del>lord:</del> <ins>lord,</ins> whose daughters <del>ye are, as long as ye</del> <ins>you are if you</ins> do <del>well,</del> <ins>good</ins> and are not afraid with any <del>amazement.</del> <ins>terror.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 3:7]</b> <del>Likewise, ye husbands,</del> <ins>Husbands, likewise,</ins> dwell with them <del>according to knowledge,</del> <ins>with understanding,</ins> giving <del>honour unto</del> <ins>honor to</ins> the wife, as <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the weaker vessel, and as being heirs together of the grace of <del>life;</del> <ins>life,</ins> that your prayers <del>be</del> <ins>may</ins> not <ins>be</ins> hindered.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 3:8]</b> Finally, <del>be ye</del> all <ins>of you be</ins> of one mind, having compassion <ins>for</ins> one <del>of another,</del> <ins>another;</ins> love as <del>brethren,</del> <ins>brothers,</ins> be <del>pitiful,</del> <ins>tenderhearted,</ins> be <del>courteous:</del> <ins>courteous;</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 3:9]</b> <del>Not rendering</del> <ins>not returning</ins> evil for <del>evil,</del> <ins>evil</ins> or <del>railing</del> <ins>reviling</ins> for <del>railing:</del> <ins>reviling,</ins> but <del>contrariwise blessing;</del> <ins>on the contrary blessing,</ins> knowing that <del>ye are thereunto called,</del> <ins>you were called to this,</ins> that <del>ye should</del> <ins>you may</ins> inherit a blessing.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 3:10]</b> For <del>he that will</del> <ins>"He who would</ins> love <del>life, and</del> <ins>life And</ins> see good days, <del>let</del> <ins>Let</ins> him refrain his tongue from evil, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> his lips <del>that they speak no guile:</del> <ins>from speaking deceit.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 3:11]</b> Let him <del>eschew evil,</del> <ins>turn away from evil</ins> and do good; <del>let</del> <ins>Let</ins> him seek <del>peace,</del> <ins>peace</ins> and <del>ensue</del> <ins>pursue</ins> it.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 3:12]</b> For the eyes of the <del>Lord</del> <ins>LORD</ins> are <del>over</del> <ins>on</ins> the righteous, <del>and his</del> <ins>And His</ins> ears are open <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> their <del>prayers: but</del> <ins>prayers; But</ins> the face of the <del>Lord</del> <ins>LORD</ins> is against <del>them that</del> <ins>those who</ins> do <del>evil.</del> <ins>evil."</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 3:13]</b> And who is he <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> will harm <del>you,</del> <ins>you</ins> if <del>ye be</del> <ins>you become</ins> followers of <del>that which</del> <ins>what</ins> is good?</p><p><b>[1 Peter 3:14]</b> But <del>and</del> <ins>even</ins> if <del>ye</del> <ins>you should</ins> suffer for righteousness' sake, <del>happy</del> <ins>you</ins> are <del>ye: and be</del> <ins>blessed. "And do</ins> not <ins>be</ins> afraid of their <del>terror, neither</del> <ins>threats, nor</ins> be <del>troubled;</del> <ins>troubled."</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 3:15]</b> But sanctify the Lord God in your <del>hearts:</del> <ins>hearts,</ins> and <ins>always</ins> be ready <del>always</del> to give <del>an answer</del> <ins>a defense</ins> to <del>every man that asketh</del> <ins>everyone who asks</ins> you a reason <del>of</del> <ins>for</ins> the hope that is in <del>you</del> <ins>you,</ins> with meekness and <del>fear:</del> <ins>fear;</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 3:16]</b> <del>Having</del> <ins>having</ins> a good <del>conscience; that, whereas they speak evil of you, as of evildoers, they may be ashamed</del> <ins>conscience,</ins> that <del>falsely accuse</del> <ins>when they defame you as evildoers, those who revile</ins> your good <del>conversation</del> <ins>conduct</ins> in <del>Christ.</del> <ins>Christ may be ashamed.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 3:17]</b> For it is better, if <ins>it is</ins> the will of <del>God be so, that ye</del> <ins>God, to</ins> suffer for <del>well doing,</del> <ins>doing good</ins> than for <del>evil doing.</del> <ins>doing evil.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 3:18]</b> For Christ also <del>hath once</del> suffered <ins>once</ins> for sins, the just for the unjust, that <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> might bring us to God, being put to death in the <del>flesh,</del> <ins>flesh</ins> but <del>quickened</del> <ins>made alive</ins> by the <del>Spirit:</del> <ins>Spirit,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 3:19]</b> <del>By which</del> <ins>by whom</ins> also <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> went and preached <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the spirits in <del>prison;</del> <ins>prison,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 3:20]</b> <del>Which sometime</del> <ins>who formerly</ins> were disobedient, when once the <ins>Divine</ins> longsuffering <del>of God</del> waited in the days of Noah, while the ark was <ins>being prepared, in which</ins> a <del>preparing, wherein</del> few, that is, eight <del>souls</del> <ins>souls,</ins> were saved <del>by</del> <ins>through</ins> water.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 3:21]</b> <del>The like figure whereunto even baptism doth</del> <ins>There is</ins> also <ins>an antitype which</ins> now <del>save us</del> <ins>saves us--baptism</ins> (not the <del>putting away</del> <ins>removal</ins> of the filth of the flesh, but the answer of a good conscience toward <del>God,) by</del> <ins>God), through</ins> the resurrection of Jesus <del>Christ:</del> <ins>Christ,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 3:22]</b> <del>Who is</del> <ins>who has</ins> gone into <del>heaven,</del> <ins>heaven</ins> and is <del>on</del> <ins>at</ins> the right hand of <del>God;</del> <ins>God,</ins> angels and authorities and powers <del>being</del> <ins>having been</ins> made subject <del>unto him.</del> <ins>to Him.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 4:1]</b> <del>Forasmuch then as</del> <ins>Therefore, since</ins> Christ <del>hath</del> suffered for us in the flesh, arm yourselves <del>likewise</del> <ins>also</ins> with the same <del>mind:</del> <ins>mind,</ins> for he <del>that hath</del> <ins>who has</ins> suffered in the flesh <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> ceased from <del>sin;</del> <ins>sin,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 4:2]</b> <del>That</del> <ins>that</ins> he no longer should live the rest of his time in the flesh <del>to</del> <ins>for</ins> the lusts of men, but <del>to</del> <ins>for</ins> the will of God.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 4:3]</b> For <del>the time past</del> <ins>we have spent enough</ins> of our <del>life may suffice us to have wrought</del> <ins>past lifetime in doing</ins> the will of the <del>Gentiles, when</del> <ins>Gentiles--when</ins> we walked in <del>lasciviousness,</del> <ins>lewdness,</ins> lusts, <del>excess of wine, revellings, banquetings,</del> <ins>drunkenness, revelries, drinking parties,</ins> and abominable <del>idolatries:</del> <ins>idolatries.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 4:4]</b> <del>Wherein</del> <ins>In regard to these,</ins> they think it strange that <del>ye run</del> <ins>you do</ins> not <ins>run</ins> with them <del>to</del> <ins>in</ins> the same <del>excess</del> <ins>flood</ins> of <del>riot,</del> <ins>dissipation,</ins> speaking evil of <del>you:</del> <ins>you.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 4:5]</b> <del>Who shall</del> <ins>They will</ins> give <ins>an</ins> account to <del>him that</del> <ins>Him who</ins> is ready to judge the <del>quick</del> <ins>living</ins> and the dead.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 4:6]</b> For <del>for</del> this <del>cause was</del> <ins>reason</ins> the gospel <ins>was</ins> preached also to <del>them that</del> <ins>those who</ins> are dead, that they might be judged according to men in the flesh, but live according to God in the spirit.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 4:7]</b> But the end of all things is at <del>hand: be ye</del> <ins>hand;</ins> therefore <del>sober,</del> <ins>be serious</ins> and <del>watch unto prayer.</del> <ins>watchful in your prayers.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 4:8]</b> And above all things have fervent <del>charity among yourselves:</del> <ins>love</ins> for <del>charity shall</del> <ins>one another, for "love will</ins> cover <del>the</del> <ins>a</ins> multitude of <del>sins.</del> <ins>sins."</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 4:9]</b> <del>Use hospitality one</del> <ins>Be hospitable</ins> to <ins>one</ins> another without <del>grudging.</del> <ins>grumbling.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 4:10]</b> As <del>every man hath received the gift, even so minister the same</del> <ins>each</ins> one <ins>has received a gift, minister it</ins> to <ins>one</ins> another, as good stewards of the manifold grace of God.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 4:11]</b> If <del>any man speak,</del> <ins>anyone speaks,</ins> let him speak as the oracles of <del>God; if any man minister,</del> <ins>God. If anyone ministers,</ins> let him do it as <del>of</del> <ins>with</ins> the ability which God <del>giveth:</del> <ins>supplies,</ins> that <del>God</del> in all things <ins>God</ins> may be glorified through Jesus Christ, to whom <del>be praise</del> <ins>belong the glory</ins> and <ins>the</ins> dominion <del>for ever</del> <ins>forever</ins> and ever. Amen.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 4:12]</b> Beloved, <ins>do not</ins> think it <del>not</del> strange concerning the fiery trial which is to try you, as though some strange thing happened <del>unto you:</del> <ins>to you;</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 4:13]</b> <del>But rejoice, inasmuch as ye are partakers</del> <ins>but rejoice to the extent that you partake</ins> of Christ's <del>sufferings; that,</del> <ins>sufferings, that</ins> when <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> glory <del>shall be</del> <ins>is</ins> revealed, <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> may <ins>also</ins> be glad <del>also</del> with exceeding joy.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 4:14]</b> If <del>ye be</del> <ins>you are</ins> reproached for the name of Christ, <del>happy</del> <ins>blessed</ins> are <del>ye;</del> <ins>you,</ins> for the <del>spirit</del> <ins>Spirit</ins> of glory and of God <del>resteth</del> <ins>rests</ins> upon <del>you: on</del> <ins>you. On</ins> their part <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> is <del>evil spoken of,</del> <ins>blasphemed,</ins> but on your part <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> is glorified.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 4:15]</b> But let none of you suffer as a murderer, <del>or as</del> a thief, <del>or as</del> an evildoer, or as a busybody in other <del>men's</del> <ins>people's</ins> matters.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 4:16]</b> Yet if <del>any man suffer</del> <ins>anyone suffers</ins> as a Christian, let him not be <del>ashamed;</del> <ins>ashamed,</ins> but let him glorify God <del>on</del> <ins>in</ins> this <del>behalf.</del> <ins>matter.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 4:17]</b> For the time <del>is</del> <ins>has</ins> come <del>that</del> <ins>for</ins> judgment <del>must</del> <ins>to</ins> begin at the house of <del>God:</del> <ins>God;</ins> and if it <del>first begin at us,</del> <ins>begins with us first,</ins> what <del>shall</del> <ins>will be</ins> the end <del>be</del> of <del>them that obey</del> <ins>those who do</ins> not <ins>obey</ins> the gospel of God?</p><p><b>[1 Peter 4:18]</b> <del>And if</del> <ins>Now "If</ins> the righteous <ins>one is</ins> scarcely <del>be</del> saved, <del>where shall</del> <ins>Where will</ins> the ungodly and the sinner <del>appear?</del> <ins>appear?"</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 4:19]</b> <del>Wherefore</del> <ins>Therefore</ins> let <del>them that</del> <ins>those who</ins> suffer according to the will of God commit <del>the keeping of</del> their souls to <del>him</del> <ins>Him</ins> in <del>well doing,</del> <ins>doing good,</ins> as <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> a faithful Creator.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 5:1]</b> The elders <del>which</del> <ins>who</ins> are among you I exhort, <ins>I</ins> who am <del>also an elder,</del> <ins>a fellow elder</ins> and a witness of the sufferings of Christ, and also a partaker of the glory that <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be revealed:</p><p><b>[1 Peter 5:2]</b> <del>Feed</del> <ins>Shepherd</ins> the flock of God which is among you, <del>taking the oversight thereof,</del> <ins>serving as overseers,</ins> not by <del>constraint,</del> <ins>compulsion</ins> but <del>willingly;</del> <ins>willingly,</ins> not for <del>filthy lucre,</del> <ins>dishonest gain</ins> but <del>of a ready mind;</del> <ins>eagerly;</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 5:3]</b> <del>Neither</del> <ins>nor</ins> as being lords over <del>God's heritage,</del> <ins>those entrusted to you,</ins> but being examples to the <del>flock.</del> <ins>flock;</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 5:4]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> when the <del>chief</del> <ins>Chief</ins> Shepherd <del>shall appear, ye shall</del> <ins>appears, you will</ins> receive <del>a</del> <ins>the</ins> crown of glory that <del>fadeth</del> <ins>does</ins> not <ins>fade</ins> away.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 5:5]</b> <del>Likewise, ye younger,</del> <ins>Likewise you younger people,</ins> submit yourselves <del>unto the elder. Yea,</del> <ins>to your elders. Yes,</ins> all of you be <del>subject one</del> <ins>submissive</ins> to <ins>one</ins> another, and be clothed with <del>humility:</del> <ins>humility,</ins> for <del>God resisteth</del> <ins>"God resists</ins> the proud, <del>and giveth</del> <ins>But gives</ins> grace to the <del>humble.</del> <ins>humble."</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 5:6]</b> <del>Humble</del> <ins>Therefore humble</ins> yourselves <del>therefore</del> under the mighty hand of God, that <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> may exalt you in due <del>time:</del> <ins>time,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 5:7]</b> <del>Casting</del> <ins>casting</ins> all your care upon <del>him;</del> <ins>Him,</ins> for <del>he careth</del> <ins>He cares</ins> for you.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 5:8]</b> Be sober, be vigilant; because your adversary the <del>devil, as</del> <ins>devil walks about like</ins> a roaring lion, <del>walketh about,</del> seeking whom he may <del>devour:</del> <ins>devour.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Peter 5:9]</b> <del>Whom resist stedfast</del> <ins>Resist him, steadfast</ins> in the faith, knowing that the same <del>afflictions</del> <ins>sufferings</ins> are <del>accomplished in</del> <ins>experienced by</ins> your <del>brethren that are</del> <ins>brotherhood</ins> in the world.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 5:10]</b> But <ins>may</ins> the God of all grace, who <del>hath</del> called us <del>unto his</del> <ins>to His</ins> eternal glory by Christ Jesus, after <del>that ye</del> <ins>you</ins> have suffered a while, <del>make you</del> perfect, <del>stablish,</del> <ins>establish,</ins> strengthen, <ins>and</ins> settle you.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 5:11]</b> To <del>him</del> <ins>Him</ins> be <ins>the</ins> glory and <ins>the</ins> dominion <del>for ever</del> <ins>forever</ins> and ever. Amen.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 5:12]</b> By Silvanus, <del>a</del> <ins>our</ins> faithful brother <del>unto you,</del> as I <del>suppose,</del> <ins>consider him,</ins> I have written <ins>to you</ins> briefly, <del>exhorting,</del> <ins>exhorting</ins> and testifying that this is the true grace of God <del>wherein ye</del> <ins>in which you</ins> stand.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 5:13]</b> <del>The church that</del> <ins>She who</ins> is <del>at</del> <ins>in</ins> Babylon, <del>elected</del> <ins>elect</ins> together with you, <del>saluteth</del> <ins>greets</ins> you; and so <del>doth Marcus</del> <ins>does Mark</ins> my son.</p><p><b>[1 Peter 5:14]</b> Greet <del>ye</del> one another with a kiss of <del>charity.</del> <ins>love.</ins> Peace <del>be with</del> <ins>to</ins> you all <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> are in Christ Jesus. Amen.</p>