<p><b>[1 Timothy 1:1]</b> Paul, an apostle of Jesus <del>Christ</del> <ins>Christ,</ins> by the commandment of God our <del>Saviour,</del> <ins>Savior</ins> and <ins>the</ins> Lord Jesus Christ, <del>which is</del> our <del>hope;</del> <ins>hope,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 1:2]</b> <del>Unto</del> <ins>To</ins> Timothy, <del>my own</del> <ins>a true</ins> son in the faith: Grace, mercy, and <del>peace,</del> <ins>peace</ins> from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 1:3]</b> As I <del>besought thee to abide still at Ephesus,</del> <ins>urged you</ins> when I went into <del>Macedonia,</del> <ins>Macedonia--remain in Ephesus</ins> that <del>thou mightest</del> <ins>you may</ins> charge some that they teach no other doctrine,</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 1:4]</b> <del>Neither</del> <ins>nor</ins> give heed to fables and endless genealogies, which <del>minister questions,</del> <ins>cause disputes</ins> rather than godly <del>edifying</del> <ins>edification</ins> which is in <del>faith: so do.</del> <ins>faith.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 1:5]</b> Now the <del>end</del> <ins>purpose</ins> of the commandment is <del>charity out of</del> <ins>love from</ins> a pure heart, <del>and of</del> <ins>from</ins> a good conscience, and <del>of faith unfeigned:</del> <ins>from sincere faith,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 1:6]</b> <del>From</del> <ins>from</ins> which <del>some</del> <ins>some,</ins> having <del>swerved</del> <ins>strayed,</ins> have turned aside <del>unto vain jangling;</del> <ins>to idle talk,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 1:7]</b> <del>Desiring</del> <ins>desiring</ins> to be teachers of the <del>law;</del> <ins>law,</ins> understanding neither what they <del>say,</del> <ins>say</ins> nor <del>whereof</del> <ins>the things which</ins> they affirm.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 1:8]</b> But we know that the law is <del>good,</del> <ins>good</ins> if <del>a man use</del> <ins>one uses</ins> it <del>lawfully;</del> <ins>lawfully,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 1:9]</b> <del>Knowing this,</del> <ins>knowing this:</ins> that the law is not made for a righteous <del>man,</del> <ins>person,</ins> but for the lawless and <del>disobedient,</del> <ins>insubordinate,</ins> for the ungodly and for sinners, for <ins>the</ins> unholy and profane, for murderers of fathers and murderers of mothers, for manslayers,</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 1:10]</b> <del>For whoremongers,</del> for <del>them that defile themselves with mankind,</del> <ins>fornicators,</ins> for <del>menstealers,</del> <ins>sodomites, for kidnappers,</ins> for liars, for <del>perjured persons,</del> <ins>perjurers,</ins> and if there <del>be</del> <ins>is</ins> any other thing that is contrary to sound <del>doctrine;</del> <ins>doctrine,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 1:11]</b> <del>According</del> <ins>according</ins> to the glorious gospel of the blessed <del>God,</del> <ins>God</ins> which was committed to my trust.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 1:12]</b> And I thank Christ Jesus our <del>Lord,</del> <ins>Lord</ins> who <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> enabled me, <del>for that he</del> <ins>because He</ins> counted me faithful, putting me into the <del>ministry;</del> <ins>ministry,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 1:13]</b> <del>Who</del> <ins>although I</ins> was <del>before</del> <ins>formerly</ins> a blasphemer, <del>and</del> a persecutor, and <del>injurious:</del> <ins>an insolent man;</ins> but I obtained <del>mercy,</del> <ins>mercy</ins> because I did it ignorantly in unbelief.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 1:14]</b> And the grace of our Lord was <del>exceeding abundant</del> <ins>exceedingly abundant,</ins> with faith and love which <del>is</del> <ins>are</ins> in Christ Jesus.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 1:15]</b> This is a faithful <del>saying,</del> <ins>saying</ins> and worthy of all <del>acceptation,</del> <ins>acceptance,</ins> that Christ Jesus came into the world to save <del>sinners;</del> <ins>sinners,</ins> of whom I am chief.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 1:16]</b> <del>Howbeit</del> <ins>However,</ins> for this <del>cause</del> <ins>reason</ins> I obtained mercy, that in me first Jesus Christ might <del>shew forth</del> <ins>show</ins> all longsuffering, <del>for</del> <ins>as</ins> a pattern to <del>them which should hereafter</del> <ins>those who are going to</ins> believe on <del>him to life everlasting.</del> <ins>Him for everlasting life.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 1:17]</b> Now <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the King eternal, immortal, invisible, <del>the only wise God,</del> <ins>to God who alone is wise,</ins> be <del>honour</del> <ins>honor</ins> and glory <del>for ever</del> <ins>forever</ins> and ever. Amen.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 1:18]</b> This charge I commit <del>unto thee,</del> <ins>to you,</ins> son Timothy, according to the prophecies <del>which went before on thee,</del> <ins>previously made concerning you,</ins> that <del>thou</del> by them <del>mightest war a</del> <ins>you may wage the</ins> good <del>warfare;</del> <ins>warfare,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 1:19]</b> <del>Holding faith,</del> <ins>having faith</ins> and a good <del>conscience;</del> <ins>conscience,</ins> which some having <del>put away</del> <ins>rejected,</ins> concerning <ins>the</ins> faith have <del>made shipwreck:</del> <ins>suffered shipwreck,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 1:20]</b> <del>Of</del> <ins>of</ins> whom <del>is</del> <ins>are</ins> Hymenaeus and <del>Alexander;</del> <ins>Alexander,</ins> whom I <del>have</del> delivered <del>unto Satan,</del> <ins>to Satan</ins> that they may learn not to blaspheme.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 2:1]</b> <ins>Therefore</ins> I exhort <del>therefore, that,</del> first of <del>all,</del> <ins>all that</ins> supplications, prayers, intercessions, and giving of <del>thanks,</del> <ins>thanks</ins> be made for all <del>men;</del> <ins>men,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 2:2]</b> <del>For kings, and</del> for <ins>kings and</ins> all <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> are in <del>authority;</del> <ins>authority,</ins> that we may lead a quiet and peaceable life in all godliness and <del>honesty.</del> <ins>reverence.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 2:3]</b> For this is good and acceptable in the sight of God our <del>Saviour;</del> <ins>Savior,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 2:4]</b> <del>Who will have</del> <ins>who desires</ins> all men to be <del>saved,</del> <ins>saved</ins> and to come <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the knowledge of the truth.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 2:5]</b> For there is one <del>God,</del> <ins>God</ins> and one <del>mediator</del> <ins>Mediator</ins> between God and men, the <del>man</del> <ins>Man</ins> Christ <del>Jesus;</del> <ins>Jesus,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 2:6]</b> <del>Who</del> <ins>who</ins> gave <del>himself</del> <ins>Himself</ins> a ransom for all, to be testified in due <del>time.</del> <ins>time,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 2:7]</b> <del>Whereunto</del> <ins>for which</ins> I <del>am ordained</del> <ins>was appointed</ins> a <del>preacher,</del> <ins>preacher</ins> and an <del>apostle, (I speak</del> <ins>apostle--I am speaking</ins> the truth in <del>Christ,</del> <ins>Christ</ins> and <del>lie not;) a</del> <ins>not lying--a</ins> teacher of the Gentiles in faith and <del>verity.</del> <ins>truth.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 2:8]</b> I <del>will</del> <ins>desire</ins> therefore that <ins>the</ins> men pray <del>every where,</del> <ins>everywhere,</ins> lifting up holy hands, without wrath and <del>doubting.</del> <ins>doubting;</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 2:9]</b> <del>In</del> <ins>in</ins> like manner also, that <ins>the</ins> women adorn themselves in modest apparel, with <del>shamefacedness</del> <ins>propriety</ins> and <del>sobriety;</del> <ins>moderation,</ins> not with <del>broided hair,</del> <ins>braided hair</ins> or <del>gold,</del> <ins>gold</ins> or <del>pearls,</del> <ins>pearls</ins> or costly <del>array;</del> <ins>clothing,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 2:10]</b> <del>But (which becometh</del> <ins>but, which is proper for</ins> women professing <del>godliness)</del> <ins>godliness,</ins> with good works.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 2:11]</b> Let <del>the</del> <ins>a</ins> woman learn in silence with all <del>subjection.</del> <ins>submission.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 2:12]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>And</ins> I <del>suffer</del> <ins>do</ins> not <ins>permit</ins> a woman to <del>teach, nor</del> <ins>teach or</ins> to <del>usurp</del> <ins>have</ins> authority over <del>the</del> <ins>a</ins> man, but to be in silence.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 2:13]</b> For Adam was <del>first formed,</del> <ins>formed first,</ins> then Eve.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 2:14]</b> And Adam was not deceived, but the woman being <del>deceived was in the</del> <ins>deceived, fell into</ins> transgression.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 2:15]</b> <del>Notwithstanding</del> <ins>Nevertheless</ins> she <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be saved in <del>childbearing,</del> <ins>childbearing</ins> if they continue in <del>faith</del> <ins>faith, love,</ins> and <del>charity and holiness</del> <ins>holiness,</ins> with <del>sobriety.</del> <ins>self-control.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 3:1]</b> This is a <del>true saying, if</del> <ins>faithful saying: If</ins> a man <del>desire</del> <ins>desires</ins> the <del>office</del> <ins>position</ins> of a bishop, he <del>desireth</del> <ins>desires</ins> a good work.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 3:2]</b> A bishop then must be blameless, the husband of one wife, <del>vigilant, sober,</del> <ins>temperate, sober-minded,</ins> of good <del>behaviour, given to hospitality, apt</del> <ins>behavior, hospitable, able</ins> to teach;</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 3:3]</b> <del>Not</del> <ins>not</ins> given to wine, <del>no striker,</del> <ins>not violent,</ins> not greedy <del>of filthy lucre;</del> <ins>for money,</ins> but <del>patient,</del> <ins>gentle,</ins> not <del>a brawler,</del> <ins>quarrelsome,</ins> not covetous;</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 3:4]</b> <del>One that ruleth well</del> <ins>one who rules</ins> his own <del>house,</del> <ins>house well,</ins> having his children in <del>subjection</del> <ins>submission</ins> with all <del>gravity;</del> <ins>reverence</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 3:5]</b> <del>(For</del> <ins>(for</ins> if a man <del>know</del> <ins>does</ins> not <ins>know</ins> how to rule his own house, how <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> he take care of the church of <del>God?)</del> <ins>God?);</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 3:6]</b> <del>Not</del> <ins>not</ins> a novice, lest being <del>lifted</del> <ins>puffed</ins> up with pride he fall into the <ins>same</ins> condemnation <del>of</del> <ins>as</ins> the devil.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 3:7]</b> Moreover he must have a good <del>report of them which</del> <ins>testimony among those who</ins> are <del>without;</del> <ins>outside,</ins> lest he fall into reproach and the snare of the devil.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 3:8]</b> Likewise <del>must the</del> deacons <ins>must</ins> be <del>grave,</del> <ins>reverent,</ins> not <del>doubletongued,</del> <ins>double-tongued,</ins> not given to much wine, not greedy <del>of filthy lucre;</del> <ins>for money,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 3:9]</b> <del>Holding</del> <ins>holding</ins> the mystery of the faith <del>in</del> <ins>with</ins> a pure conscience.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 3:10]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>But</ins> let these also first be <del>proved;</del> <ins>tested;</ins> then let them <del>use the office of a deacon,</del> <ins>serve as deacons,</ins> being found blameless.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 3:11]</b> <del>Even so must</del> <ins>Likewise,</ins> their wives <ins>must</ins> be <del>grave,</del> <ins>reverent,</ins> not slanderers, <del>sober,</del> <ins>temperate,</ins> faithful in all things.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 3:12]</b> Let <del>the</del> deacons be the husbands of one wife, ruling their children and their own houses well.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 3:13]</b> For <del>they that</del> <ins>those who</ins> have <del>used the office of a deacon</del> <ins>served</ins> well <del>purchase to</del> <ins>as deacons obtain for</ins> themselves a good <del>degree,</del> <ins>standing</ins> and great boldness in the faith which is in Christ Jesus.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 3:14]</b> These things <del>write</del> I <del>unto thee, hoping</del> <ins>write to you, though I hope</ins> to come <del>unto thee shortly:</del> <ins>to you shortly;</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 3:15]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>but</ins> if I <del>tarry long,</del> <ins>am delayed, I write so</ins> that <del>thou mayest</del> <ins>you may</ins> know how <del>thou oughtest</del> <ins>you ought</ins> to <del>behave thyself</del> <ins>conduct yourself</ins> in the house of God, which is the church of the living God, the pillar and ground of the truth.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 3:16]</b> And without controversy great is the mystery of godliness: God was <del>manifest</del> <ins>manifested</ins> in the flesh, <del>justified</del> <ins>Justified</ins> in the Spirit, <del>seen of</del> <ins>Seen by</ins> angels, <del>preached unto</del> <ins>Preached among</ins> the Gentiles, <del>believed</del> <ins>Believed</ins> on in the world, <del>received</del> <ins>Received</ins> up <del>into</del> <ins>in</ins> glory.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 4:1]</b> Now the Spirit <del>speaketh expressly,</del> <ins>expressly says</ins> that in <del>the</del> latter times some <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> depart from the faith, giving heed to <del>seducing spirits,</del> <ins>deceiving spirits</ins> and doctrines of <del>devils;</del> <ins>demons,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 4:2]</b> <del>Speaking</del> <ins>speaking</ins> lies in <del>hypocrisy;</del> <ins>hypocrisy,</ins> having their <ins>own</ins> conscience seared with a hot <del>iron;</del> <ins>iron,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 4:3]</b> <del>Forbidding</del> <ins>forbidding</ins> to marry, and commanding to abstain from <del>meats,</del> <ins>foods</ins> which God <del>hath</del> created to be received with thanksgiving <del>of them which</del> <ins>by those who</ins> believe and know the truth.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 4:4]</b> For every creature of God is good, and nothing <ins>is</ins> to be <del>refused,</del> <ins>refused</ins> if it <del>be</del> <ins>is</ins> received with <del>thanksgiving:</del> <ins>thanksgiving;</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 4:5]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>for</ins> it is sanctified by the word of God and prayer.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 4:6]</b> If <del>thou put</del> <ins>you instruct</ins> the brethren in <del>remembrance of</del> these things, <del>thou shalt</del> <ins>you will</ins> be a good minister of Jesus Christ, nourished <del>up</del> in the words of faith and of <ins>the</ins> good <del>doctrine, whereunto thou hast attained.</del> <ins>doctrine which you have carefully followed.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 4:7]</b> But <del>refuse</del> <ins>reject</ins> profane and old wives' fables, and exercise <del>thyself rather unto</del> <ins>yourself toward</ins> godliness.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 4:8]</b> For bodily exercise <del>profiteth little:</del> <ins>profits a little,</ins> but godliness is profitable <del>unto</del> <ins>for</ins> all things, having promise of the life that now <del>is,</del> <ins>is</ins> and of that which is to come.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 4:9]</b> This is a faithful saying and worthy of all <del>acceptation.</del> <ins>acceptance.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 4:10]</b> For <del>therefore</del> <ins>to this end</ins> we both <del>labour</del> <ins>labor</ins> and suffer reproach, because we trust in the living God, who is the <del>Saviour</del> <ins>Savior</ins> of all men, <del>specially</del> <ins>especially</ins> of those <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> believe.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 4:12]</b> Let no <del>man</del> <ins>one</ins> despise <del>thy youth;</del> <ins>your youth,</ins> but be <del>thou</del> an example <del>of</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>believers,</del> <ins>believers</ins> in word, in <del>conversation,</del> <ins>conduct,</ins> in <del>charity,</del> <ins>love,</ins> in spirit, in faith, in purity.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 4:13]</b> Till I come, give <del>attendance</del> <ins>attention</ins> to reading, to exhortation, to doctrine.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 4:14]</b> <del>Neglect</del> <ins>Do</ins> not <ins>neglect</ins> the gift that is in <del>thee,</del> <ins>you,</ins> which was given <del>thee</del> <ins>to you</ins> by <del>prophecy,</del> <ins>prophecy</ins> with the laying on of the hands of the <del>presbytery.</del> <ins>eldership.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 4:15]</b> Meditate <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> these things; give <del>thyself wholly</del> <ins>yourself entirely</ins> to <del>them;</del> <ins>them,</ins> that <del>thy profiting</del> <ins>your progress</ins> may <del>appear</del> <ins>be evident</ins> to all.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 4:16]</b> Take heed <del>unto thyself,</del> <ins>to yourself</ins> and <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>doctrine; continue</del> <ins>doctrine. Continue</ins> in <del>them:</del> <ins>them,</ins> for in doing this <del>thou shalt both</del> <ins>you will</ins> save <del>thyself,</del> <ins>both yourself</ins> and <del>them that</del> <ins>those who</ins> hear <del>thee.</del> <ins>you.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 5:1]</b> <del>Rebuke</del> <ins>Do</ins> not <ins>rebuke</ins> an <del>elder,</del> <ins>older man,</ins> but <del>intreat</del> <ins>exhort</ins> him as a <del>father; and the</del> <ins>father,</ins> younger men as <del>brethren;</del> <ins>brothers,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 5:2]</b> <del>The elder</del> <ins>older</ins> women as <del>mothers; the</del> <ins>mothers,</ins> younger <ins>women</ins> as sisters, with all purity.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 5:3]</b> <del>Honour</del> <ins>Honor</ins> widows <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> are <del>widows indeed.</del> <ins>really widows.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 5:4]</b> But if any widow <del>have</del> <ins>has</ins> children or <del>nephews,</del> <ins>grandchildren,</ins> let them <del>learn</del> first <ins>learn</ins> to <del>shew</del> <ins>show</ins> piety at <del>home,</del> <ins>home</ins> and to <del>requite</del> <ins>repay</ins> their <del>parents:</del> <ins>parents;</ins> for <del>that</del> <ins>this</ins> is good and acceptable before God.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 5:5]</b> Now she <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> is <ins>really</ins> a <del>widow indeed,</del> <ins>widow,</ins> and <del>desolate, trusteth</del> <ins>left alone, trusts</ins> in <del>God,</del> <ins>God</ins> and <del>continueth</del> <ins>continues</ins> in supplications and prayers night and day.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 5:6]</b> But she <del>that liveth</del> <ins>who lives</ins> in pleasure is dead while she <del>liveth.</del> <ins>lives.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 5:7]</b> And these things <del>give in charge,</del> <ins>command,</ins> that they may be blameless.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 5:8]</b> But if <del>any provide</del> <ins>anyone does</ins> not <ins>provide</ins> for his own, and <del>specially</del> <ins>especially</ins> for those of his <del>own house,</del> <ins>household,</ins> he <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> denied the <del>faith,</del> <ins>faith</ins> and is worse than an <del>infidel.</del> <ins>unbeliever.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 5:9]</b> <del>Let</del> <ins>Do</ins> not <ins>let</ins> a widow <ins>under sixty years old</ins> be taken into the <del>number under threescore years old, having</del> <ins>number, and not unless she has</ins> been the wife of one <del>man.</del> <ins>man,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 5:10]</b> <del>Well</del> <ins>well</ins> reported <del>of</del> for good <del>works;</del> <ins>works:</ins> if she <del>have</del> <ins>has</ins> brought up children, if she <del>have</del> <ins>has</ins> lodged strangers, if she <del>have</del> <ins>has</ins> washed the saints' feet, if she <del>have</del> <ins>has</ins> relieved the afflicted, if she <del>have</del> <ins>has</ins> diligently followed every good work.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 5:11]</b> But <ins>refuse</ins> the younger <del>widows refuse:</del> <ins>widows;</ins> for when they have begun to <del>wax</del> <ins>grow</ins> wanton against Christ, they <del>will marry;</del> <ins>desire to marry,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 5:12]</b> <del>Having damnation,</del> <ins>having condemnation</ins> because they have cast off their first faith.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 5:13]</b> And <del>withal</del> <ins>besides</ins> they learn to be idle, wandering about from house to <del>house;</del> <ins>house,</ins> and not only <del>idle,</del> <ins>idle</ins> but <del>tattlers</del> also <ins>gossips</ins> and busybodies, <del>speaking</del> <ins>saying</ins> things which they ought not.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 5:14]</b> <ins>Therefore</ins> I <del>will therefore</del> <ins>desire</ins> that the younger <del>women</del> <ins>widows</ins> marry, bear children, <del>guide</del> <ins>manage</ins> the house, give <del>none occasion</del> <ins>no opportunity</ins> to the adversary to speak reproachfully.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 5:15]</b> For some <del>are</del> <ins>have</ins> already turned aside after Satan.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 5:16]</b> If any <ins>believing</ins> man or woman <del>that believeth have</del> <ins>has</ins> widows, let them relieve them, and <del>let</del> <ins>do</ins> not <ins>let</ins> the church be <del>charged;</del> <ins>burdened,</ins> that it may relieve <del>them that</del> <ins>those who</ins> are <del>widows indeed.</del> <ins>really widows.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 5:17]</b> Let the elders <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> rule well be counted worthy of double <del>honour,</del> <ins>honor,</ins> especially <del>they</del> <ins>those</ins> who <del>labour</del> <ins>labor</ins> in the word and doctrine.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 5:18]</b> For the <del>scripture saith, thou shalt</del> <ins>Scripture says, "You shall</ins> not muzzle <del>the</del> <ins>an</ins> ox <del>that treadeth</del> <ins>while it treads</ins> out the <del>corn. And, The labourer</del> <ins>grain," and, "The laborer</ins> is worthy of his <del>reward.</del> <ins>wages."</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 5:19]</b> <del>Against</del> <ins>Do not receive an accusation against</ins> an elder <del>receive not an accusation, but before</del> <ins>except from</ins> two or three witnesses.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 5:20]</b> <del>Them that sin</del> <ins>Those who are sinning</ins> rebuke <del>before</del> <ins>in the presence of</ins> all, that <del>others</del> <ins>the rest</ins> also may fear.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 5:21]</b> I charge <del>thee</del> <ins>you</ins> before <del>God,</del> <ins>God</ins> and the Lord Jesus <del>Christ,</del> <ins>Christ</ins> and the elect <del>angels,</del> <ins>angels</ins> that <del>thou</del> <ins>you</ins> observe these things without <del>preferring one before another,</del> <ins>prejudice,</ins> doing nothing <del>by</del> <ins>with</ins> partiality.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 5:22]</b> <del>Lay</del> <ins>Do not lay</ins> hands <del>suddenly</del> on <del>no man, neither be partaker of</del> <ins>anyone hastily, nor share in</ins> other <del>men's sins:</del> <ins>people's sins;</ins> keep <del>thyself</del> <ins>yourself</ins> pure.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 5:23]</b> <del>Drink no</del> <ins>No</ins> longer <ins>drink only</ins> water, but use a little wine for <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> stomach's sake and <del>thine often</del> <ins>your frequent</ins> infirmities.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 5:24]</b> Some men's sins are <del>open beforehand, going before</del> <ins>clearly evident, preceding them</ins> to <del>judgment; and</del> <ins>judgment, but those of</ins> some men <del>they</del> follow <del>after.</del> <ins>later.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 5:25]</b> <del>Likewise also</del> <ins>Likewise,</ins> the good works of some are <del>manifest beforehand;</del> <ins>clearly evident,</ins> and <del>they</del> <ins>those</ins> that are otherwise cannot be <del>hid.</del> <ins>hidden.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 6:1]</b> Let as many <del>servants</del> <ins>bondservants</ins> as are under the yoke count their own masters worthy of all <del>honour,</del> <ins>honor, so</ins> that the name of God and <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> doctrine <del>be</del> <ins>may</ins> not <ins>be</ins> blasphemed.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 6:2]</b> And <del>they that</del> <ins>those who</ins> have believing masters, let them not despise <del>them,</del> <ins>them</ins> because they are <del>brethren;</del> <ins>brethren,</ins> but rather <del>do</del> <ins>serve</ins> them <del>service,</del> because <del>they</del> <ins>those who</ins> are <del>faithful</del> <ins>benefited are believers</ins> and <del>beloved, partakers of the benefit. These things teach</del> <ins>beloved. Teach</ins> and <del>exhort.</del> <ins>exhort these things.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 6:3]</b> If <del>any man teach otherwise,</del> <ins>anyone teaches otherwise</ins> and <del>consent</del> <ins>does</ins> not <ins>consent</ins> to wholesome words, even the words of our Lord Jesus Christ, and to the doctrine which <del>is according to godliness;</del> <ins>accords with godliness,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 6:4]</b> <del>He</del> <ins>he</ins> is proud, knowing nothing, but <del>doting about questions</del> <ins>is obsessed with disputes</ins> and <del>strifes of</del> <ins>arguments over</ins> words, <del>whereof cometh</del> <ins>from which come</ins> envy, strife, <del>railings,</del> <ins>reviling,</ins> evil <del>surmisings,</del> <ins>suspicions,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 6:5]</b> <del>Perverse disputings</del> <ins>useless wranglings</ins> of men of corrupt <del>minds,</del> <ins>minds</ins> and destitute of the truth, <del>supposing</del> <ins>who suppose</ins> that <del>gain</del> <ins>godliness</ins> is <del>godliness: from</del> <ins>a means of gain. From</ins> such withdraw <del>thyself.</del> <ins>yourself.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 6:6]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>Now</ins> godliness with contentment is great gain.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 6:8]</b> And having food and <del>raiment let us</del> <ins>clothing, with these we shall</ins> be <del>therewith</del> content.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 6:9]</b> But <del>they that will</del> <ins>those who desire to</ins> be rich fall into temptation and a snare, and into many foolish and <del>hurtful lusts,</del> <ins>harmful lusts</ins> which drown men in destruction and perdition.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 6:10]</b> For the love of money is <del>the</del> <ins>a</ins> root of all <del>evil:</del> <ins>kinds of evil, for</ins> which <del>while</del> some <del>coveted after, they</del> have <del>erred</del> <ins>strayed</ins> from the <del>faith,</del> <ins>faith in their greediness,</ins> and pierced themselves through with many sorrows.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 6:11]</b> But <del>thou,</del> <ins>you,</ins> O man of God, flee these <del>things;</del> <ins>things</ins> and <del>follow after</del> <ins>pursue</ins> righteousness, godliness, faith, love, patience, <del>meekness.</del> <ins>gentleness.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 6:12]</b> Fight the good fight of faith, lay hold on eternal life, <del>whereunto thou art</del> <ins>to which you were</ins> also <del>called,</del> <ins>called</ins> and <del>hast professed a</del> <ins>have confessed the</ins> good <del>profession before</del> <ins>confession in the presence of</ins> many witnesses.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 6:13]</b> I <del>give thee charge</del> <ins>urge you</ins> in the sight of <del>God,</del> <ins>God</ins> who <del>quickeneth</del> <ins>gives life to</ins> all things, and before Christ <del>Jesus,</del> <ins>Jesus</ins> who <ins>witnessed the good confession</ins> before Pontius <del>Pilate witnessed a good confession;</del> <ins>Pilate,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 6:14]</b> <del>That thou</del> <ins>that you</ins> keep this commandment without spot, <del>unrebukable,</del> <ins>blameless</ins> until <del>the appearing of</del> our Lord Jesus <del>Christ:</del> <ins>Christ's appearing,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 6:15]</b> <del>Which</del> <ins>which He will manifest</ins> in <del>his times he shall shew,</del> <ins>His own time, He</ins> who is the blessed and only Potentate, the King of <del>kings,</del> <ins>kings</ins> and Lord of <del>lords;</del> <ins>lords,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 6:16]</b> <del>Who only hath</del> <ins>who alone has</ins> immortality, dwelling in <del>the light which no man can approach unto;</del> <ins>unapproachable light,</ins> whom no man <del>hath seen, nor</del> <ins>has seen or</ins> can <del>see:</del> <ins>see,</ins> to whom be <del>honour</del> <ins>honor</ins> and <del>power everlasting.</del> <ins>everlasting power.</ins> Amen.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 6:17]</b> <del>Charge them that</del> <ins>Command those who</ins> are rich in this <del>world, that they be</del> <ins>present age</ins> not <del>highminded,</del> <ins>to be haughty,</ins> nor <ins>to</ins> trust in uncertain <del>riches,</del> <ins>riches</ins> but in the living God, who <del>giveth</del> <ins>gives</ins> us richly all things to <del>enjoy;</del> <ins>enjoy.</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 6:18]</b> <del>That they</del> <ins>Let them</ins> do good, that they be rich in good works, ready to <del>distribute,</del> <ins>give,</ins> willing to <del>communicate;</del> <ins>share,</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 6:19]</b> <del>Laying</del> <ins>storing</ins> up <del>in store</del> for themselves a good foundation <del>against</del> <ins>for</ins> the time to come, that they may lay hold on eternal life.</p><p><b>[1 Timothy 6:20]</b> O <del>Timothy, keep that which is</del> <ins>Timothy! Guard what was</ins> committed to <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> trust, avoiding <ins>the</ins> profane and <del>vain babblings,</del> <ins>idle babblings</ins> and <del>oppositions</del> <ins>contradictions</ins> of <del>science</del> <ins>what is</ins> falsely <del>so called:</del> <ins>called knowledge--</ins></p><p><b>[1 Timothy 6:21]</b> <del>Which some</del> <ins>by</ins> professing <ins>it some</ins> have <del>erred</del> <ins>strayed</ins> concerning the faith. Grace be with <del>thee.</del> <ins>you.</ins> Amen.</p>