<p><b>[2 John 1:1]</b> The <del>elder unto</del> <ins>Elder, To</ins> the elect lady and her children, whom I love in <del>the truth;</del> <ins>truth,</ins> and not <del>I only,</del> <ins>only I,</ins> but also all <del>they that</del> <ins>those who</ins> have known the <del>truth;</del> <ins>truth,</ins></p><p><b>[2 John 1:2]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>because of</ins> the <del>truth's sake,</del> <ins>truth</ins> which <del>dwelleth</del> <ins>abides</ins> in <del>us,</del> <ins>us</ins> and <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be with us <del>for ever.</del> <ins>forever:</ins></p><p><b>[2 John 1:3]</b> <del>Grace be with you,</del> <ins>Grace,</ins> mercy, and <del>peace,</del> <ins>peace will be with you</ins> from God the <del>Father,</del> <ins>Father</ins> and from the Lord Jesus Christ, the Son of the Father, in truth and love.</p><p><b>[2 John 1:4]</b> I rejoiced greatly that I <ins>have</ins> found <ins>some</ins> of <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> children walking in truth, as we <del>have</del> received <del>a</del> commandment from the Father.</p><p><b>[2 John 1:5]</b> And now I <del>beseech thee,</del> <ins>plead with you,</ins> lady, not as though I wrote a new commandment <del>unto thee,</del> <ins>to you,</ins> but that which we <ins>have</ins> had from the <del>beginning,</del> <ins>beginning:</ins> that we love one another.</p><p><b>[2 John 1:6]</b> <del>And this</del> <ins>This</ins> is love, that we walk <del>after his</del> <ins>according to His</ins> commandments. This is the commandment, <del>That,</del> <ins>that</ins> as <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> have heard from the beginning, <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> should walk in it.</p><p><b>[2 John 1:7]</b> For many deceivers <del>are entered</del> <ins>have gone out</ins> into the <del>world,</del> <ins>world</ins> who <del>confess</del> <ins>do</ins> not <del>that</del> <ins>confess</ins> Jesus Christ <del>is come</del> <ins>as coming</ins> in the flesh. This is a deceiver and an antichrist.</p><p><b>[2 John 1:8]</b> Look to yourselves, that we <del>lose</del> <ins>do</ins> not <ins>lose</ins> those things <del>which</del> we <del>have wrought,</del> <ins>worked for,</ins> but that we <ins>may</ins> receive a full reward.</p><p><b>[2 John 1:9]</b> <del>Whosoever transgresseth,</del> <ins>Whoever transgresses</ins> and <del>abideth</del> <ins>does</ins> not <ins>abide</ins> in the doctrine of <del>Christ, hath</del> <ins>Christ does</ins> not <ins>have</ins> God. He <del>that abideth</del> <ins>who abides</ins> in the doctrine of <del>Christ, he hath</del> <ins>Christ has</ins> both the Father and the Son.</p><p><b>[2 John 1:10]</b> If <del>there come any unto you,</del> <ins>anyone comes to you</ins> and <del>bring</del> <ins>does</ins> not <ins>bring</ins> this doctrine, <ins>do not</ins> receive him <del>not</del> into your <del>house, neither bid him God speed:</del> <ins>house nor greet him;</ins></p><p><b>[2 John 1:11]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>for</ins> he <del>that biddeth</del> <ins>who greets</ins> him <del>God speed is partaker of</del> <ins>shares in</ins> his evil deeds.</p><p><b>[2 John 1:12]</b> Having many things to write <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> you, I <del>would</del> <ins>did</ins> not <del>write</del> <ins>wish to do so</ins> with paper and <del>ink:</del> <ins>ink;</ins> but I <del>trust</del> <ins>hope</ins> to come <del>unto you,</del> <ins>to you</ins> and speak face to face, that our joy may be full.</p><p><b>[2 John 1:13]</b> The children of <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> elect sister greet <del>thee.</del> <ins>you.</ins> Amen.</p>