<p><b>[2 Timothy 1:2]</b> To Timothy, <del>my dearly</del> <ins>a</ins> beloved son: Grace, mercy, and <del>peace,</del> <ins>peace</ins> from God the Father and Christ Jesus our Lord.</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 1:3]</b> I thank God, whom I serve <del>from my forefathers</del> with <ins>a</ins> pure conscience, <del>that</del> <ins>as my forefathers did, as</ins> without ceasing I <del>have remembrance of thee</del> <ins>remember you</ins> in my prayers night and <del>day;</del> <ins>day,</ins></p><p><b>[2 Timothy 1:4]</b> <del>Greatly</del> <ins>greatly</ins> desiring to see <del>thee,</del> <ins>you,</ins> being mindful of <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> tears, that I may be filled with <del>joy;</del> <ins>joy,</ins></p><p><b>[2 Timothy 1:5]</b> <del>When</del> <ins>when</ins> I call to remembrance the <del>unfeigned</del> <ins>genuine</ins> faith that is in <del>thee,</del> <ins>you,</ins> which dwelt first in <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> grandmother <del>Lois,</del> <ins>Lois</ins> and <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> mother <del>Eunice;</del> <ins>Eunice,</ins> and I am persuaded <del>that</del> <ins>is</ins> in <del>thee</del> <ins>you</ins> also.</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 1:6]</b> <del>Wherefore</del> <ins>Therefore</ins> I <del>put thee in remembrance that thou</del> <ins>remind you to</ins> stir up the gift of <del>God,</del> <ins>God</ins> which is in <del>thee by</del> <ins>you through</ins> the <del>putting</del> <ins>laying</ins> on of my hands.</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 1:7]</b> For God <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> not given us <del>the</del> <ins>a</ins> spirit of <del>fear;</del> <ins>fear,</ins> but of <del>power,</del> <ins>power</ins> and of <del>love,</del> <ins>love</ins> and of a sound mind.</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 1:8]</b> <del>Be</del> <ins>Therefore do</ins> not <del>thou therefore</del> <ins>be</ins> ashamed of the testimony of our Lord, nor of me <del>his prisoner:</del> <ins>His prisoner,</ins> but <del>be thou partaker of</del> <ins>share with me in</ins> the <del>afflictions of</del> <ins>sufferings for</ins> the gospel according to the power of <del>God;</del> <ins>God,</ins></p><p><b>[2 Timothy 1:9]</b> <del>Who hath</del> <ins>who has</ins> saved <del>us,</del> <ins>us</ins> and called us with <del>an</del> <ins>a</ins> holy calling, not according to our works, but according to <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> own purpose and <del>grace,</del> <ins>grace</ins> which was given <ins>to</ins> us in Christ Jesus before <del>the world</del> <ins>time</ins> began,</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 1:10]</b> <del>But is</del> <ins>but has</ins> now <del>made manifest</del> <ins>been revealed</ins> by the appearing of our <del>Saviour</del> <ins>Savior</ins> Jesus Christ, who <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> abolished <del>death,</del> <ins>death</ins> and <del>hath</del> brought life and immortality to light through the <del>gospel:</del> <ins>gospel,</ins></p><p><b>[2 Timothy 1:11]</b> <del>Whereunto</del> <ins>to which</ins> I <del>am</del> <ins>was</ins> appointed a preacher, <del>and</del> an apostle, and a teacher of the Gentiles.</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 1:12]</b> For <del>the which cause</del> <ins>this reason</ins> I also suffer these <del>things:</del> <ins>things;</ins> nevertheless I am not <del>ashamed:</del> <ins>ashamed,</ins> for I know whom I have <del>believed,</del> <ins>believed</ins> and am persuaded that <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> is able to keep <del>that which</del> <ins>what</ins> I have committed <del>unto him against</del> <ins>to Him until</ins> that <del>day.</del> <ins>Day.</ins></p><p><b>[2 Timothy 1:13]</b> Hold fast the <del>form</del> <ins>pattern</ins> of sound <del>words,</del> <ins>words</ins> which <del>thou hast</del> <ins>you have</ins> heard <del>of</del> <ins>from</ins> me, in faith and love which <del>is</del> <ins>are</ins> in Christ Jesus.</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 1:14]</b> That good thing which was committed <del>unto thee</del> <ins>to you,</ins> keep by the Holy <del>Ghost which dwelleth</del> <ins>Spirit who dwells</ins> in us.</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 1:15]</b> This <del>thou knowest,</del> <ins>you know,</ins> that all <del>they which are</del> <ins>those</ins> in Asia <del>be</del> <ins>have</ins> turned away from <del>me; of</del> <ins>me, among</ins> whom are Phygellus and Hermogenes.</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 1:16]</b> The Lord <del>give</del> <ins>grant</ins> mercy <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>house</del> <ins>household</ins> of <del>Onesiphorus;</del> <ins>Onesiphorus,</ins> for he <del>oft</del> <ins>often</ins> refreshed me, and was not ashamed of my <del>chain:</del> <ins>chain;</ins></p><p><b>[2 Timothy 1:17]</b> <del>But,</del> <ins>but</ins> when he <del>was</del> <ins>arrived</ins> in Rome, he sought me out very <del>diligently,</del> <ins>zealously</ins> and found me.</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 1:18]</b> The Lord grant <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> him that he may find mercy <del>of</del> <ins>from</ins> the Lord in that <del>day: and in</del> <ins>Day--and you know very well</ins> how many <del>things</del> <ins>ways</ins> he ministered <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me at <del>Ephesus, thou knowest very well.</del> <ins>Ephesus.</ins></p><p><b>[2 Timothy 2:1]</b> <del>Thou</del> <ins>You</ins> therefore, my son, be strong in the grace that is in Christ Jesus.</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 2:2]</b> And the things that <del>thou hast</del> <ins>you have</ins> heard <del>of</del> <ins>from</ins> me among many witnesses, <del>the same</del> commit <del>thou</del> <ins>these</ins> to faithful <del>men,</del> <ins>men</ins> who <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be able to teach others also.</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 2:3]</b> <del>Thou</del> <ins>You</ins> therefore <ins>must</ins> endure <del>hardness,</del> <ins>hardship</ins> as a good soldier of Jesus Christ.</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 2:4]</b> No <del>man that warreth entangleth</del> <ins>one engaged in warfare entangles</ins> himself with the affairs of this <del>life;</del> <ins>life,</ins> that he may please him who <del>hath chosen</del> <ins>enlisted</ins> him <del>to be</del> <ins>as</ins> a soldier.</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 2:5]</b> And <del>if a man</del> also <del>strive for masteries, yet is</del> <ins>if anyone competes in athletics,</ins> he <ins>is</ins> not <del>crowned, except</del> <ins>crowned unless</ins> he <del>strive lawfully.</del> <ins>competes according to the rules.</ins></p><p><b>[2 Timothy 2:6]</b> The <del>husbandman that laboureth</del> <ins>hardworking farmer</ins> must be first <del>partaker</del> <ins>to partake</ins> of the <del>fruits.</del> <ins>crops.</ins></p><p><b>[2 Timothy 2:7]</b> Consider what I <del>say;</del> <ins>say,</ins> and <ins>may</ins> the Lord give <del>thee</del> <ins>you</ins> understanding in all things.</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 2:8]</b> Remember that Jesus <del>Christ</del> <ins>Christ,</ins> of the seed of <del>David</del> <ins>David,</ins> was raised from the dead according to my <del>gospel:</del> <ins>gospel,</ins></p><p><b>[2 Timothy 2:9]</b> <del>Wherein</del> <ins>for which</ins> I suffer <del>trouble,</del> <ins>trouble</ins> as an <del>evil doer,</del> <ins>evildoer,</ins> even <del>unto bonds;</del> <ins>to the point of chains;</ins> but the word of God is not <del>bound.</del> <ins>chained.</ins></p><p><b>[2 Timothy 2:10]</b> Therefore I endure all things for the <del>elect's sakes,</del> <ins>sake of the elect,</ins> that they <del>may</del> also <ins>may</ins> obtain the salvation which is in Christ Jesus with eternal glory.</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 2:11]</b> <del>It</del> <ins>This</ins> is a faithful saying: For if we <del>be dead</del> <ins>died</ins> with <del>him, we</del> <ins>Him, We</ins> shall also live with <del>him:</del> <ins>Him.</ins></p><p><b>[2 Timothy 2:12]</b> If we <del>suffer, we</del> <ins>endure, We</ins> shall also reign with <del>him: if</del> <ins>Him. If</ins> we deny <del>him, he</del> <ins>Him, He</ins> also will deny <del>us:</del> <ins>us.</ins></p><p><b>[2 Timothy 2:13]</b> If we <del>believe not, yet he abideth faithful: he</del> <ins>are faithless, He remains faithful; He</ins> cannot deny <del>himself.</del> <ins>Himself.</ins></p><p><b>[2 Timothy 2:14]</b> <del>Of these things put</del> <ins>Remind</ins> them <del>in remembrance,</del> <ins>of these things,</ins> charging them before the Lord <del>that they strive</del> not <ins>to strive</ins> about words to no profit, <del>but</del> to the <del>subverting</del> <ins>ruin</ins> of the hearers.</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 2:15]</b> <del>Study</del> <ins>Be diligent</ins> to <del>shew thyself</del> <ins>present yourself</ins> approved <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> God, a <del>workman that needeth</del> <ins>worker who does</ins> not <ins>need</ins> to be ashamed, rightly dividing the word of truth.</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 2:16]</b> But shun profane and <del>vain babblings:</del> <ins>idle babblings,</ins> for they will increase <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> more ungodliness.</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 2:17]</b> And their <del>word</del> <ins>message</ins> will <del>eat as doth a canker: of whom is</del> <ins>spread like cancer.</ins> Hymenaeus and <del>Philetus;</del> <ins>Philetus are of this sort,</ins></p><p><b>[2 Timothy 2:18]</b> <del>Who</del> <ins>who have strayed</ins> concerning the <del>truth have erred,</del> <ins>truth,</ins> saying that the resurrection is <del>past already;</del> <ins>already past;</ins> and <ins>they</ins> overthrow the faith of some.</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 2:19]</b> Nevertheless the <ins>solid</ins> foundation of God <del>standeth sure,</del> <ins>stands,</ins> having this <del>seal, The</del> <ins>seal: "The</ins> Lord <del>knoweth them that</del> <ins>knows those who</ins> are <del>his. And, let every one that nameth</del> <ins>His," and, "Let everyone who names</ins> the name of Christ depart from <del>iniquity.</del> <ins>iniquity."</ins></p><p><b>[2 Timothy 2:20]</b> But in a great house there are not only vessels of gold and <del>of</del> silver, but also of wood and <del>of earth;</del> <ins>clay, some for honor</ins> and some <del>to honour, and some to dishonour.</del> <ins>for dishonor.</ins></p><p><b>[2 Timothy 2:21]</b> <del>If a man therefore purge</del> <ins>Therefore if anyone cleanses</ins> himself from <del>these,</del> <ins>the latter,</ins> he <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be a vessel <del>unto honour, sanctified,</del> <ins>for honor, sanctified</ins> and <del>meet</del> <ins>useful</ins> for the <del>master's use, and</del> <ins>Master,</ins> prepared <del>unto</del> <ins>for</ins> every good work.</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 2:22]</b> Flee also youthful <del>lusts:</del> <ins>lusts;</ins> but <del>follow</del> <ins>pursue</ins> righteousness, faith, <del>charity, peace,</del> <ins>love, peace</ins> with <del>them that</del> <ins>those who</ins> call on the Lord out of a pure heart.</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 2:23]</b> But <ins>avoid</ins> foolish and <del>unlearned questions avoid,</del> <ins>ignorant disputes,</ins> knowing that they <del>do gender strifes.</del> <ins>generate strife.</ins></p><p><b>[2 Timothy 2:24]</b> And <del>the</del> <ins>a</ins> servant of the Lord must not <del>strive;</del> <ins>quarrel</ins> but be gentle <del>unto all men, apt</del> <ins>to all, able</ins> to teach, patient,</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 2:25]</b> <del>In meekness instructing</del> <ins>in humility correcting</ins> those <del>that oppose themselves;</del> <ins>who are in opposition,</ins> if God <del>peradventure</del> <ins>perhaps</ins> will <del>give</del> <ins>grant</ins> them <del>repentance to</del> <ins>repentance, so that they may know</ins> the <del>acknowledging of the truth;</del> <ins>truth,</ins></p><p><b>[2 Timothy 2:26]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> that they may <del>recover themselves out of</del> <ins>come to their senses and escape</ins> the snare of the devil, <del>who are</del> <ins>having been</ins> taken captive by him <del>at</del> <ins>to do</ins> his will.</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 3:1]</b> <del>This</del> <ins>But</ins> know <del>also,</del> <ins>this,</ins> that in the last days perilous times <del>shall come.</del> <ins>will come:</ins></p><p><b>[2 Timothy 3:2]</b> For men <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be lovers of <del>their own selves, covetous,</del> <ins>themselves, lovers of money,</ins> boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy,</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 3:3]</b> <del>Without natural affection, trucebreakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce,</del> <ins>unloving, unforgiving, slanderers, without self-control, brutal,</ins> despisers of <del>those that are</del> good,</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 3:4]</b> <del>Traitors, heady, highminded,</del> <ins>traitors, headstrong, haughty,</ins> lovers of <del>pleasures more</del> <ins>pleasure rather</ins> than lovers of <del>God;</del> <ins>God,</ins></p><p><b>[2 Timothy 3:5]</b> <del>Having</del> <ins>having</ins> a form of <del>godliness,</del> <ins>godliness</ins> but denying <del>the power thereof:</del> <ins>its power. And</ins> from such <ins>people</ins> turn <del>away.</del> <ins>away!</ins></p><p><b>[2 Timothy 3:6]</b> For of this sort are <del>they which</del> <ins>those who</ins> creep into <del>houses,</del> <ins>households</ins> and <del>lead captive silly</del> <ins>make captives of gullible</ins> women <del>laden</del> <ins>loaded down</ins> with sins, led away <del>with divers</del> <ins>by various</ins> lusts,</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 3:7]</b> <del>Ever learning,</del> <ins>always learning</ins> and never able to come to the knowledge of the truth.</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 3:8]</b> Now as Jannes and Jambres <del>withstood</del> <ins>resisted</ins> Moses, so do these also resist the truth: men of corrupt minds, <del>reprobate</del> <ins>disapproved</ins> concerning the <del>faith.</del> <ins>faith;</ins></p><p><b>[2 Timothy 3:9]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>but</ins> they <del>shall proceed</del> <ins>will progress</ins> no <del>further:</del> <ins>further,</ins> for their folly <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be manifest <del>unto all men,</del> <ins>to all,</ins> as <del>their's</del> <ins>theirs</ins> also was.</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 3:10]</b> But <del>thou hast fully known</del> <ins>you have carefully followed</ins> my doctrine, manner of life, purpose, faith, longsuffering, <del>charity, patience,</del> <ins>love, perseverance,</ins></p><p><b>[2 Timothy 3:11]</b> <del>Persecutions,</del> <ins>persecutions,</ins> afflictions, which <del>came unto</del> <ins>happened to</ins> me at Antioch, at Iconium, at <del>Lystra; what</del> <ins>Lystra--what</ins> persecutions I <del>endured: but</del> <ins>endured. And</ins> out of them all the Lord delivered me.</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 3:12]</b> <del>Yea,</del> <ins>Yes,</ins> and all <del>that will</del> <ins>who desire to</ins> live godly in Christ Jesus <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> suffer persecution.</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 3:13]</b> But evil men and <del>seducers shall wax</del> <ins>impostors will grow</ins> worse and worse, <del>deceiving,</del> <ins>deceiving</ins> and being deceived.</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 3:14]</b> But <ins>you must</ins> continue <del>thou</del> in the things which <del>thou hast</del> <ins>you have</ins> learned and <del>hast</del> been assured of, knowing <del>of</del> <ins>from</ins> whom <del>thou hast</del> <ins>you have</ins> learned <del>them;</del> <ins>them,</ins></p><p><b>[2 Timothy 3:15]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> that from <del>a child thou hast</del> <ins>childhood you have</ins> known the <del>holy scriptures,</del> <ins>Holy Scriptures,</ins> which are able to make <del>thee</del> <ins>you</ins> wise <del>unto</del> <ins>for</ins> salvation through faith which is in Christ Jesus.</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 3:16]</b> All <del>scripture</del> <ins>Scripture</ins> is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in <del>righteousness:</del> <ins>righteousness,</ins></p><p><b>[2 Timothy 3:17]</b> <del>That</del> <ins>that</ins> the man of God may be <del>perfect,</del> <ins>complete,</ins> thoroughly <del>furnished unto all</del> <ins>equipped for every</ins> good <del>works.</del> <ins>work.</ins></p><p><b>[2 Timothy 4:1]</b> I charge <del>thee</del> <ins>you</ins> therefore before <del>God,</del> <ins>God</ins> and the Lord Jesus Christ, who <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> judge the <del>quick</del> <ins>living</ins> and the dead at <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> appearing and <del>his kingdom;</del> <ins>His kingdom:</ins></p><p><b>[2 Timothy 4:2]</b> Preach the <del>word; be instant</del> <ins>word! Be ready</ins> in <del>season,</del> <ins>season and</ins> out of <del>season; reprove,</del> <ins>season. Convince,</ins> rebuke, <del>exhort</del> <ins>exhort,</ins> with all <del>long suffering</del> <ins>longsuffering</ins> and <del>doctrine.</del> <ins>teaching.</ins></p><p><b>[2 Timothy 4:3]</b> For the time will come when they will not endure sound <del>doctrine;</del> <ins>doctrine,</ins> but <del>after</del> <ins>according to</ins> their own <del>lusts shall</del> <ins>desires, because</ins> they <del>heap to themselves teachers, having</del> <ins>have</ins> itching <del>ears;</del> <ins>ears, they will heap up for themselves teachers;</ins></p><p><b>[2 Timothy 4:4]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> they <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> turn <del>away</del> their ears <ins>away</ins> from the truth, and <del>shall</del> be turned <del>unto</del> <ins>aside to</ins> fables.</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 4:5]</b> But <del>watch thou</del> <ins>you be watchful</ins> in all things, endure afflictions, do the work of an evangelist, <del>make full proof of thy</del> <ins>fulfill your</ins> ministry.</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 4:6]</b> For I am <del>now ready to be offered,</del> <ins>already being poured out as a drink offering,</ins> and the time of my departure is at hand.</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 4:7]</b> I have fought <del>a</del> <ins>the</ins> good fight, I have finished <del>my course,</del> <ins>the race,</ins> I have kept the <del>faith:</del> <ins>faith.</ins></p><p><b>[2 Timothy 4:8]</b> <del>Henceforth</del> <ins>Finally,</ins> there is laid up for me <del>a</del> <ins>the</ins> crown of righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous <del>judge, shall</del> <ins>Judge, will</ins> give <ins>to</ins> me <del>at</del> <ins>on</ins> that <del>day:</del> <ins>Day,</ins> and not to me <del>only,</del> <ins>only</ins> but <del>unto all them</del> also <del>that love his</del> <ins>to all who have loved His</ins> appearing.</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 4:9]</b> <del>Do thy diligence</del> <ins>Be diligent</ins> to come <del>shortly unto me:</del> <ins>to me quickly;</ins></p><p><b>[2 Timothy 4:10]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>for</ins> Demas <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> forsaken me, having loved this present world, and <del>is</del> <ins>has</ins> departed <del>unto Thessalonica; Crescens to</del> <ins>for Thessalonica--Crescens for</ins> Galatia, Titus <del>unto</del> <ins>for</ins> Dalmatia.</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 4:11]</b> Only Luke is with me. <del>Take Mark,</del> <ins>Get Mark</ins> and bring him with <del>thee:</del> <ins>you,</ins> for he is <del>profitable</del> <ins>useful</ins> to me for <del>the</del> ministry.</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 4:12]</b> And Tychicus <del>have</del> I <ins>have</ins> sent to Ephesus.</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 4:13]</b> <del>The cloke</del> <ins>Bring the cloak</ins> that I left <ins>with Carpus</ins> at Troas <del>with Carpus,</del> when <del>thou comest, bring with thee, and</del> <ins>you come--and</ins> the books, <del>but</del> especially the parchments.</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 4:14]</b> Alexander the coppersmith did me much <del>evil:</del> <ins>harm. May</ins> the Lord <del>reward</del> <ins>repay</ins> him according to his <del>works:</del> <ins>works.</ins></p><p><b>[2 Timothy 4:15]</b> <del>Of whom be thou ware also;</del> <ins>You also must beware of him,</ins> for he <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> greatly <del>withstood</del> <ins>resisted</ins> our words.</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 4:16]</b> At my first <del>answer</del> <ins>defense</ins> no <del>man</del> <ins>one</ins> stood with me, but all <del>men</del> forsook <del>me: I pray God that</del> <ins>me. May</ins> it <del>may</del> not be <del>laid to their charge.</del> <ins>charged against them.</ins></p><p><b>[2 Timothy 4:17]</b> <del>Notwithstanding</del> <ins>But</ins> the Lord stood with <del>me,</del> <ins>me</ins> and strengthened <del>me;</del> <ins>me, so</ins> that <del>by me</del> the <del>preaching</del> <ins>message</ins> might be <ins>preached</ins> fully <del>known,</del> <ins>through me,</ins> and that all the Gentiles might <del>hear: and</del> <ins>hear. Also</ins> I was delivered out of the mouth of the lion.</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 4:18]</b> And the Lord <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> deliver me from every evil <del>work,</del> <ins>work</ins> and <del>will</del> preserve me <del>unto his</del> <ins>for His</ins> heavenly <del>kingdom: to whom</del> <ins>kingdom. To Him</ins> be glory <del>for ever</del> <ins>forever</ins> and ever. <del>Amen.</del> <ins>Amen!</ins></p><p><b>[2 Timothy 4:19]</b> <del>Salute</del> <ins>Greet</ins> Prisca and Aquila, and the household of Onesiphorus.</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 4:20]</b> Erastus <del>abode at Corinth:</del> <ins>stayed in Corinth,</ins> but Trophimus <del>have</del> I <ins>have</ins> left <del>at Miletum</del> <ins>in Miletus</ins> sick.</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 4:21]</b> Do <del>thy diligence</del> <ins>your utmost</ins> to come before winter. Eubulus <del>greeteth thee, and</del> <ins>greets you, as well as</ins> Pudens, <del>and</del> Linus, <del>and</del> Claudia, and all the brethren.</p><p><b>[2 Timothy 4:22]</b> The Lord Jesus Christ be with <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> spirit. Grace be with you. Amen.</p>