<p><b>[Ecclesiastes 1:2]</b> <del>Vanity</del> <ins>"Vanity of vanities," says the Preacher; "Vanity</ins> of vanities, <del>saith the Preacher, vanity of vanities;</del> all is <del>vanity.</del> <ins>vanity."</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 1:3]</b> What profit <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> a man <del>of</del> <ins>from</ins> all his <del>labour</del> <ins>labor In</ins> which he <del>taketh</del> <ins>toils</ins> under the sun?</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 1:4]</b> One generation <del>passeth</del> <ins>passes</ins> away, and another generation <del>cometh: but</del> <ins>comes; But</ins> the earth <del>abideth for ever.</del> <ins>abides forever.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 1:5]</b> The sun also <del>ariseth,</del> <ins>rises,</ins> and the sun <del>goeth</del> <ins>goes</ins> down, <del>and hasteth</del> <ins>And hastens</ins> to <del>his</del> <ins>the</ins> place where <del>he</del> <ins>it</ins> arose.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 1:6]</b> The wind <del>goeth</del> <ins>goes</ins> toward the south, <del>and turneth about unto</del> <ins>And turns around to</ins> the north; <del>it whirleth</del> <ins>The wind whirls</ins> about continually, <del>and the wind returneth</del> <ins>And comes</ins> again <del>according to his circuits.</del> <ins>on its circuit.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 1:7]</b> All the rivers run into the <del>sea; yet</del> <ins>sea, Yet</ins> the sea is not full; <del>unto</del> <ins>To</ins> the place from <del>whence</del> <ins>which</ins> the rivers come, <del>thither</del> <ins>There</ins> they return again.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 1:8]</b> All things are full of <del>labour; man</del> <ins>labor; Man</ins> cannot <del>utter it: the</del> <ins>express it. The</ins> eye is not satisfied with seeing, <del>nor</del> <ins>Nor</ins> the ear filled with hearing.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 1:9]</b> <del>The thing that hath been, it is that</del> <ins>That</ins> which <del>shall be; and that</del> <ins>has been is what will be, That</ins> which is done is <del>that which shall</del> <ins>what will</ins> be <del>done: and</del> <ins>done, And</ins> there is <del>no</del> <ins>nothing</ins> new <del>thing</del> under the sun.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 1:10]</b> Is there <del>any thing whereof</del> <ins>anything of which</ins> it may be said, <del>See,</del> <ins>"See,</ins> this is <del>new? it hath been</del> <ins>new"? It has</ins> already <del>of old time, which was</del> <ins>been in ancient times</ins> before us.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 1:11]</b> There is no remembrance of former <del>things; neither shall</del> <ins>things, Nor will</ins> there be any remembrance of things that are to come <del>with</del> <ins>By</ins> those <del>that shall</del> <ins>who will</ins> come after.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 1:12]</b> <del>I</del> <ins>I,</ins> the <del>Preacher</del> <ins>Preacher,</ins> was king over Israel in Jerusalem.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 1:13]</b> And I <del>gave</del> <ins>set</ins> my heart to seek and search out by wisdom concerning all <del>things</del> that <del>are</del> <ins>is</ins> done under <del>heaven:</del> <ins>heaven;</ins> this <del>sore travail hath</del> <ins>burdensome task</ins> God <ins>has</ins> given to the sons of <del>man to</del> <ins>man, by which they may</ins> be <del>exercised therewith.</del> <ins>exercised.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 1:14]</b> I have seen all the works that are done under the sun; <del>and, behold,</del> <ins>and indeed,</ins> all is vanity and <del>vexation of spirit.</del> <ins>grasping for the wind.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 1:15]</b> <del>That which</del> <ins>What</ins> is crooked cannot be made <del>straight: and that which</del> <ins>straight, And what</ins> is <del>wanting</del> <ins>lacking</ins> cannot be numbered.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 1:16]</b> I communed with <del>mine own</del> <ins>my</ins> heart, saying, <del>Lo,</del> <ins>"Look,</ins> I <del>am come to great estate,</del> <ins>have attained greatness,</ins> and have <del>gotten</del> <ins>gained</ins> more wisdom than all <del>they that have been</del> <ins>who were</ins> before me in <del>Jerusalem: yea, my</del> <ins>Jerusalem. My</ins> heart <del>had</del> <ins>has understood</ins> great <del>experience of</del> wisdom and <del>knowledge.</del> <ins>knowledge."</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 1:17]</b> And I <del>gave</del> <ins>set</ins> my heart to know <del>wisdom,</del> <ins>wisdom</ins> and to know madness and <del>folly:</del> <ins>folly.</ins> I perceived that this also is <del>vexation of spirit.</del> <ins>grasping for the wind.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 1:18]</b> For in much wisdom is much <del>grief: and</del> <ins>grief, And</ins> he <del>that increaseth</del> <ins>who increases</ins> knowledge <del>increaseth</del> <ins>increases</ins> sorrow.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 2:1]</b> I said in <del>mine</del> <ins>my</ins> heart, <del>Go to</del> <ins>"Come</ins> now, I will <del>prove thee</del> <ins>test you</ins> with <del>mirth,</del> <ins>mirth;</ins> therefore enjoy <del>pleasure: and, behold,</del> <ins>pleasure"; but surely,</ins> this also <del>is</del> <ins>was</ins> vanity.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 2:2]</b> I said of <del>laughter, It is mad:</del> <ins>laughter--"Madness!";</ins> and of mirth, <del>What doeth it?</del> <ins>"What does it accomplish?"</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 2:3]</b> I <del>sought</del> <ins>searched</ins> in <del>mine</del> <ins>my</ins> heart <ins>how</ins> to <del>give myself unto</del> <ins>gratify my flesh with</ins> wine, <del>yet acquainting mine</del> <ins>while guiding my</ins> heart with <del>wisdom;</del> <ins>wisdom,</ins> and <ins>how</ins> to lay hold on folly, till I might see what was <del>that</del> good for the sons of <del>men, which they should</del> <ins>men to</ins> do under <del>the</del> heaven all the days of their <del>life.</del> <ins>lives.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 2:4]</b> I made <del>me great works;</del> <ins>my works great,</ins> I <del>builded me houses; I</del> <ins>built myself houses, and</ins> planted <del>me vineyards:</del> <ins>myself vineyards.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 2:5]</b> I made <del>me</del> <ins>myself</ins> gardens and orchards, and I planted <ins>all kinds of fruit</ins> trees in <del>them of all kind of fruits:</del> <ins>them.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 2:6]</b> I made <del>me</del> <ins>myself water</ins> pools <del>of water,</del> <ins>from which</ins> to water <del>therewith</del> the <del>wood that bringeth forth trees:</del> <ins>growing trees of the grove.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 2:7]</b> I <del>got me servants</del> <ins>acquired male</ins> and <del>maidens,</del> <ins>female servants,</ins> and had servants born in my <del>house; also</del> <ins>house. Yes,</ins> I had <del>great</del> <ins>greater</ins> possessions of <del>great</del> <ins>herds</ins> and <del>small cattle above</del> <ins>flocks than</ins> all <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> were in Jerusalem before <del>me:</del> <ins>me.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 2:8]</b> I <del>gathered me</del> also <ins>gathered for myself</ins> silver and <del>gold,</del> <ins>gold</ins> and the <del>peculiar treasure</del> <ins>special treasures</ins> of kings and of the <del>provinces:</del> <ins>provinces.</ins> I <del>gat me men singers</del> <ins>acquired male</ins> and <del>women</del> <ins>female</ins> singers, <del>and</del> the delights of the sons of men, <del>as musical instruments,</del> and <del>that</del> <ins>musical instruments</ins> of all <del>sorts.</del> <ins>kinds.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 2:9]</b> So I <del>was great,</del> <ins>became great</ins> and <del>increased</del> <ins>excelled</ins> more than all <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> were before me in <del>Jerusalem: also</del> <ins>Jerusalem. Also</ins> my wisdom remained with me.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 2:10]</b> <del>And whatsoever mine</del> <ins>Whatever my</ins> eyes desired I <del>kept</del> <ins>did</ins> not <ins>keep</ins> from <del>them,</del> <ins>them.</ins> I <del>withheld</del> <ins>did</ins> not <ins>withhold</ins> my heart from any <del>joy; for</del> <ins>pleasure, For</ins> my heart rejoiced in all my <del>labour: and</del> <ins>labor; And</ins> this was my <del>portion of</del> <ins>reward from</ins> all my <del>labour.</del> <ins>labor.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 2:11]</b> Then I looked on all the works that my hands had <del>wrought, and</del> <ins>done And</ins> on the <del>labour that</del> <ins>labor in which</ins> I had <del>laboured to do: and, behold,</del> <ins>toiled; And indeed</ins> all was vanity and <del>vexation of spirit, and there</del> <ins>grasping for the wind. There</ins> was no profit under the sun.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 2:12]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> I turned myself to <del>behold wisdom,</del> <ins>consider wisdom</ins> and <del>madness,</del> <ins>madness</ins> and <del>folly: for</del> <ins>folly; For</ins> what can the man do <del>that cometh after</del> <ins>who succeeds</ins> the <del>king? even that which hath been</del> <ins>king?--Only what he has</ins> already done.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 2:13]</b> Then I saw that wisdom <del>excelleth folly, as far as</del> <ins>excels folly As</ins> light <del>excelleth</del> <ins>excels</ins> darkness.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 2:14]</b> The wise man's eyes are in his <del>head; but</del> <ins>head, But</ins> the fool <del>walketh</del> <ins>walks</ins> in <del>darkness: and</del> <ins>darkness. Yet</ins> I myself perceived <del>also that one</del> <ins>That the same</ins> event <del>happeneth</del> <ins>happens</ins> to them all.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 2:15]</b> <del>Then said</del> <ins>So</ins> I <ins>said</ins> in my heart, <del>As</del> <ins>"As</ins> it <del>happeneth</del> <ins>happens</ins> to the fool, <del>so it happeneth even</del> <ins>It also happens</ins> to <del>me; and</del> <ins>me, And</ins> why was I then more <del>wise?</del> <ins>wise?"</ins> Then I said in my heart, <del>that this</del> <ins>"This</ins> also is <del>vanity.</del> <ins>vanity."</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 2:16]</b> For there is no <ins>more</ins> remembrance of the wise <del>more</del> than of the fool <del>for ever; seeing</del> <ins>forever, Since all</ins> that <del>which</del> now is <ins>will be forgotten</ins> in the days to <del>come shall all be forgotten.</del> <ins>come.</ins> And how <del>dieth the</del> <ins>does a</ins> wise <del>man? as</del> <ins>man die? As</ins> the <del>fool.</del> <ins>fool!</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 2:17]</b> Therefore I hated <del>life;</del> <ins>life</ins> because the work that <del>is wrought</del> <ins>was done</ins> under the sun <del>is grievous unto me:</del> <ins>was distressing to me,</ins> for all is vanity and <del>vexation of spirit.</del> <ins>grasping for the wind.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 2:18]</b> <del>Yea,</del> <ins>Then</ins> I hated all my <del>labour</del> <ins>labor in</ins> which I had <del>taken</del> <ins>toiled</ins> under the <del>sun:</del> <ins>sun,</ins> because I <del>should</del> <ins>must</ins> leave it <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the man <del>that shall be</del> <ins>who will come</ins> after me.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 2:19]</b> And who <del>knoweth</del> <ins>knows</ins> whether he <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be <del>a</del> wise <del>man</del> or a fool? <del>yet shall</del> <ins>Yet</ins> he <del>have</del> <ins>will</ins> rule over all my <del>labour wherein</del> <ins>labor in which I toiled and in which</ins> I have <del>laboured, and wherein I have shewed</del> <ins>shown</ins> myself wise under the sun. This <del>is</del> also <ins>is</ins> vanity.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 2:20]</b> Therefore I <del>went about to cause</del> <ins>turned</ins> my heart <del>to despair</del> <ins>and despaired</ins> of all the <del>labour</del> <ins>labor in</ins> which I <del>took</del> <ins>had toiled</ins> under the sun.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 2:21]</b> For there is a man whose <del>labour</del> <ins>labor</ins> is <del>in</del> <ins>with</ins> wisdom, <del>and in</del> knowledge, and <del>in equity;</del> <ins>skill;</ins> yet <ins>he must leave his heritage</ins> to a man <del>that hath</del> <ins>who has</ins> not <del>laboured therein shall he leave it</del> <ins>labored</ins> for <del>his portion.</del> <ins>it.</ins> This also is vanity and a great evil.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 2:22]</b> For what <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> man <del>of</del> <ins>for</ins> all his <del>labour,</del> <ins>labor,</ins> and <del>of</del> <ins>for</ins> the <del>vexation</del> <ins>striving</ins> of his <del>heart, wherein</del> <ins>heart with which</ins> he <del>hath laboured</del> <ins>has toiled</ins> under the sun?</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 2:23]</b> For all his days are <del>sorrows,</del> <ins>sorrowful,</ins> and his <del>travail grief; yea, his heart taketh not rest</del> <ins>work burdensome; even</ins> in the <del>night.</del> <ins>night his heart takes no rest.</ins> This <del>is</del> also <ins>is</ins> vanity.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 2:24]</b> <del>There</del> <ins>Nothing</ins> is <del>nothing</del> better for a <del>man,</del> <ins>man</ins> than that he should eat and drink, and that <del>he should make</del> his soul <ins>should</ins> enjoy good in his <del>labour.</del> <ins>labor.</ins> This <del>also</del> <ins>also,</ins> I saw, <del>that it</del> was from the hand of God.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 2:25]</b> For who can eat, or who <del>else</del> can <del>hasten hereunto,</del> <ins>have enjoyment,</ins> more than I?</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 2:26]</b> For God <del>giveth</del> <ins>gives wisdom and knowledge and joy</ins> to a man <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> is good in <del>his sight wisdom, and knowledge, and joy:</del> <ins>His sight;</ins> but to the sinner <del>he giveth travail, to gather</del> <ins>He gives the work of gathering</ins> and <del>to heap up,</del> <ins>collecting,</ins> that he may give to him <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> is good before God. This also is vanity and <del>vexation of spirit.</del> <ins>grasping for the wind.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 3:1]</b> To <del>every thing</del> <ins>everything</ins> there is a season, <del>and a</del> <ins>A</ins> time <del>to</del> <ins>for</ins> every purpose under <del>the</del> heaven:</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 3:2]</b> A time to be born, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> a time to die; <del>a</del> <ins>A</ins> time to plant, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> a time to pluck <del>up that which</del> <ins>what</ins> is planted;</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 3:3]</b> A time to kill, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> a time to heal; <del>a</del> <ins>A</ins> time to break down, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> a time to build up;</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 3:4]</b> A time to weep, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> a time to laugh; <del>a</del> <ins>A</ins> time to mourn, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> a time to dance;</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 3:5]</b> A time to cast away stones, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> a time to gather <del>stones together; a</del> <ins>stones; A</ins> time to embrace, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> a time to refrain from embracing;</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 3:6]</b> A time to <del>get, and</del> <ins>gain, And</ins> a time to lose; <del>a</del> <ins>A</ins> time to keep, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> a time to <del>cast</del> <ins>throw</ins> away;</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 3:7]</b> A time to <del>rend, and</del> <ins>tear, And</ins> a time to sew; <del>a</del> <ins>A</ins> time to keep silence, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> a time to speak;</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 3:8]</b> A time to love, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> a time to hate; <del>a</del> <ins>A</ins> time of war, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> a time of peace.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 3:9]</b> What profit <del>hath he</del> <ins>has the worker from</ins> that <del>worketh</del> in <del>that wherein</del> <ins>which</ins> he <del>laboureth?</del> <ins>labors?</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 3:10]</b> I have seen the <del>travail,</del> <ins>God-given task with</ins> which <del>God hath given to</del> the sons of men <ins>are</ins> to be <del>exercised in it.</del> <ins>occupied.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 3:11]</b> He <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> made <del>every thing</del> <ins>everything</ins> beautiful in <del>his time: also he hath set the world</del> <ins>its time. Also He has put eternity</ins> in their <del>heart, so</del> <ins>hearts, except</ins> that no <del>man</del> <ins>one</ins> can find out the work that God <del>maketh</del> <ins>does</ins> from <del>the</del> beginning to <del>the</del> end.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 3:12]</b> I know that <del>there</del> <ins>nothing</ins> is <del>no good in them, but</del> <ins>better</ins> for <del>a man</del> <ins>them than</ins> to rejoice, and to do good in <del>his life.</del> <ins>their lives,</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 3:13]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> also that every man should eat and <del>drink,</del> <ins>drink</ins> and enjoy the good of all his <del>labour, it</del> <ins>labor--it</ins> is the gift of God.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 3:14]</b> I know <del>that, whatsoever</del> <ins>that whatever</ins> God <del>doeth, it</del> <ins>does, It</ins> shall be <del>for ever: nothing</del> <ins>forever. Nothing</ins> can be <del>put</del> <ins>added</ins> to it, <del>nor any thing</del> <ins>And nothing</ins> taken from <del>it: and</del> <ins>it.</ins> God <del>doeth</del> <ins>does</ins> it, that men should fear before <del>him.</del> <ins>Him.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 3:15]</b> That which <del>hath been</del> is <del>now; and that which</del> <ins>has already been, And what</ins> is to be <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> already been; <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> God <del>requireth that which</del> <ins>requires an account of what</ins> is past.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 3:16]</b> <del>And moreover</del> <ins>Moreover</ins> I saw under the <del>sun</del> <ins>sun: In</ins> the place of judgment, <del>that wickedness</del> <ins>Wickedness</ins> was there; <del>and</del> <ins>And in</ins> the place of righteousness, <del>that iniquity</del> <ins>Iniquity</ins> was there.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 3:17]</b> I said in <del>mine</del> <ins>my</ins> heart, <del>God</del> <ins>"God</ins> shall judge the righteous and the <del>wicked: for</del> <ins>wicked, For</ins> there is a time there for every purpose and for every <del>work.</del> <ins>work."</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 3:18]</b> I said in <del>mine heart concerning</del> <ins>my heart, "Concerning</ins> the <del>estate</del> <ins>condition</ins> of the sons of men, <del>that</del> God <del>might manifest</del> <ins>tests</ins> them, <del>and</del> that they <del>might</del> <ins>may</ins> see that they themselves are <del>beasts.</del> <ins>like animals."</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 3:19]</b> For <del>that which befalleth</del> <ins>what happens to</ins> the sons of men <del>befalleth beasts; even</del> <ins>also happens to animals;</ins> one thing <del>befalleth</del> <ins>befalls</ins> them: as <del>the</del> one <del>dieth,</del> <ins>dies,</ins> so <del>dieth</del> <ins>dies</ins> the <del>other; yea,</del> <ins>other. Surely,</ins> they <del>have</del> all <ins>have</ins> one breath; <del>so that a</del> man <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> no <del>preeminence above a beast:</del> <ins>advantage over animals,</ins> for all is vanity.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 3:20]</b> All go <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> one <del>place;</del> <ins>place:</ins> all are <del>of</del> <ins>from</ins> the dust, and all <del>turn</del> <ins>return</ins> to <del>dust again.</del> <ins>dust.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 3:21]</b> Who <del>knoweth</del> <ins>knows</ins> the spirit of <del>man that goeth</del> <ins>the sons of men, which goes</ins> upward, and the spirit of the <del>beast that goeth downward</del> <ins>animal, which goes down</ins> to the earth?</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 3:22]</b> <del>Wherefore</del> <ins>So</ins> I <del>perceive</del> <ins>perceived</ins> that <del>there is</del> nothing <del>better,</del> <ins>is better</ins> than that a man should rejoice in his own <del>works;</del> <ins>works,</ins> for that is his <del>portion: for</del> <ins>heritage. For</ins> who <del>shall</del> <ins>can</ins> bring him to see what <del>shall be</del> <ins>will happen</ins> after him?</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 4:1]</b> <del>So</del> <ins>Then</ins> I <del>returned,</del> <ins>returned</ins> and considered all the <del>oppressions</del> <ins>oppression</ins> that <del>are</del> <ins>is</ins> done under the sun: <del>and behold the</del> <ins>And look! The</ins> tears of <del>such as were</del> <ins>the</ins> oppressed, <del>and</del> <ins>But</ins> they <del>had</del> <ins>have</ins> no <del>comforter; and on</del> <ins>comforter--On</ins> the side of their oppressors there <del>was power; but</del> <ins>is power, But</ins> they <del>had</del> <ins>have</ins> no comforter.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 4:2]</b> <del>Wherefore</del> <ins>Therefore</ins> I praised the dead <del>which are</del> <ins>who were</ins> already <del>dead more</del> <ins>dead, More</ins> than the living <del>which</del> <ins>who</ins> are <del>yet</del> <ins>still</ins> alive.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 4:3]</b> <del>Yea,</del> <ins>Yet,</ins> better <del>is he</del> than both <del>they, which hath not yet been,</del> <ins>is he</ins> who <del>hath</del> <ins>has never existed, Who has</ins> not seen the evil work that is done under the sun.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 4:4]</b> Again, I <del>considered all travail, and every right work,</del> <ins>saw</ins> that for <del>this</del> <ins>all toil and every skillful work</ins> a man is envied <del>of</del> <ins>by</ins> his <del>neighbour.</del> <ins>neighbor.</ins> This <del>is</del> also <ins>is</ins> vanity and <del>vexation of spirit.</del> <ins>grasping for the wind.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 4:5]</b> The fool <del>foldeth</del> <ins>folds</ins> his hands <del>together, and eateth</del> <ins>And consumes</ins> his own flesh.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 4:6]</b> Better <del>is an</del> <ins>a</ins> handful with <del>quietness, than</del> <ins>quietness Than</ins> both <del>the</del> hands <del>full</del> <ins>full, together</ins> with <del>travail</del> <ins>toil</ins> and <del>vexation of spirit.</del> <ins>grasping for the wind.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 4:7]</b> Then I returned, and I saw vanity under the <del>sun.</del> <ins>sun:</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 4:8]</b> There is one alone, <del>and</del> <ins>without companion: He has neither son nor brother. Yet</ins> there is <del>not a second; yea, he hath neither child nor brother: yet is there</del> no end <del>of</del> <ins>to</ins> all his <del>labour; neither</del> <ins>labors, Nor</ins> is his eye satisfied with <del>riches; neither saith he, For</del> <ins>riches. But he never asks, "For</ins> whom do I <del>labour,</del> <ins>toil</ins> and <del>bereave my soul</del> <ins>deprive myself</ins> of <del>good?</del> <ins>good?"</ins> This <del>is</del> also <del>vanity, yea, it</del> is <ins>vanity and</ins> a <del>sore travail.</del> <ins>grave misfortune.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 4:9]</b> Two are better than <del>one; because</del> <ins>one, Because</ins> they have a good reward for their <del>labour.</del> <ins>labor.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 4:10]</b> For if they fall, <del>the</del> one will lift up his <del>fellow: but</del> <ins>companion. But</ins> woe to him <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> is alone when he <del>falleth; for</del> <ins>falls, For</ins> he <del>hath not another</del> <ins>has no one</ins> to help him up.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 4:11]</b> Again, if two lie <ins>down</ins> together, <del>then</del> they <del>have heat: but</del> <ins>will keep warm; But</ins> how can one be warm alone?</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 4:12]</b> <del>And if</del> <ins>Though</ins> one <del>prevail against him,</del> <ins>may be overpowered by another,</ins> two <del>shall</del> <ins>can</ins> withstand <del>him; and</del> <ins>him. And</ins> a threefold cord is not quickly broken.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 4:13]</b> Better <del>is</del> a poor and <del>a</del> wise <del>child than</del> <ins>youth Than</ins> an old and foolish <del>king,</del> <ins>king</ins> who will <del>no more</del> be <del>admonished.</del> <ins>admonished no more.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 4:14]</b> For <ins>he comes</ins> out of prison <del>he cometh</del> to <del>reign; whereas also</del> <ins>be king, Although</ins> he <del>that is</del> <ins>was</ins> born <ins>poor</ins> in his <del>kingdom becometh poor.</del> <ins>kingdom.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 4:15]</b> I <del>considered</del> <ins>saw</ins> all the living <del>which</del> <ins>who</ins> walk under the <del>sun,</del> <ins>sun; They were</ins> with the second <del>child that shall stand up</del> <ins>youth who stands</ins> in his <del>stead.</del> <ins>place.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 4:16]</b> There <del>is</del> <ins>was</ins> no end of all the <del>people, even of all that have been before them: they also that</del> <ins>people over whom he was made king; Yet those who</ins> come <del>after shall</del> <ins>afterward will</ins> not rejoice in him. Surely this also is vanity and <del>vexation of spirit.</del> <ins>grasping for the wind.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 5:1]</b> <del>Keep thy foot</del> <ins>Walk prudently</ins> when <del>thou goest</del> <ins>you go</ins> to the house of <del>God,</del> <ins>God;</ins> and <del>be more ready</del> <ins>draw near</ins> to <del>hear,</del> <ins>hear rather</ins> than to give the sacrifice of <del>fools:</del> <ins>fools,</ins> for they <del>consider</del> <ins>do</ins> not <ins>know</ins> that they do evil.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 5:2]</b> <del>Be</del> <ins>Do</ins> not <ins>be</ins> rash with <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> mouth, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> let not <del>thine</del> <ins>your</ins> heart <del>be hasty to</del> utter <del>any thing</del> <ins>anything hastily</ins> before <del>God: for</del> <ins>God. For</ins> God is in heaven, and <del>thou upon earth: therefore</del> <ins>you on earth; Therefore</ins> let <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> words be few.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 5:3]</b> For a dream <del>cometh</del> <ins>comes</ins> through <del>the multitude of business; and</del> <ins>much activity, And</ins> a fool's voice is known by <del>multitude of</del> <ins>his many</ins> words.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 5:4]</b> When <del>thou vowest</del> <ins>you make</ins> a vow <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> God, <del>defer</del> <ins>do</ins> not <ins>delay</ins> to pay it; <del>for he hath</del> <ins>For He has</ins> no pleasure in <del>fools: pay that which thou hast vowed.</del> <ins>fools. Pay what you have vowed--</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 5:5]</b> Better <del>is it that thou shouldest</del> not <del>vow,</del> <ins>to vow</ins> than <del>that thou shouldest</del> <ins>to</ins> vow and not pay.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 5:6]</b> <del>Suffer</del> <ins>Do</ins> not <del>thy</del> <ins>let your</ins> mouth <del>to</del> cause <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> flesh to <del>sin; neither</del> <ins>sin, nor</ins> say <del>thou</del> before the <del>angel,</del> <ins>messenger of God</ins> that it was an <del>error: wherefore</del> <ins>error. Why</ins> should God be angry at <del>thy voice,</del> <ins>your excuse</ins> and destroy the work of <del>thine</del> <ins>your</ins> hands?</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 5:7]</b> For in the multitude of dreams and many words there <del>are</del> <ins>is</ins> also <del>divers vanities: but</del> <ins>vanity. But</ins> fear <del>thou</del> God.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 5:8]</b> If <del>thou seest</del> <ins>you see</ins> the oppression of the poor, and <ins>the</ins> violent <del>perverting</del> <ins>perversion</ins> of <del>judgment and</del> justice <ins>and righteousness</ins> in a province, <del>marvel</del> <ins>do</ins> not <ins>marvel</ins> at the <del>matter:</del> <ins>matter;</ins> for <del>he that is higher than the highest regardeth;</del> <ins>high official watches over high official,</ins> and <del>there be</del> higher <del>than they.</del> <ins>officials are over them.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 5:9]</b> Moreover the profit of the <del>earth</del> <ins>land</ins> is for <del>all:</del> <ins>all; even</ins> the king <del>himself</del> is served <del>by</del> <ins>from</ins> the field.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 5:10]</b> He <del>that loveth</del> <ins>who loves</ins> silver <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> not be satisfied with silver; <del>nor</del> <ins>Nor</ins> he <del>that loveth abundance</del> <ins>who loves abundance,</ins> with <del>increase: this is</del> <ins>increase. This</ins> also <ins>is</ins> vanity.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 5:11]</b> When goods increase, <del>they are increased that</del> <ins>They increase who</ins> eat <del>them: and</del> <ins>them; So</ins> what <del>good is there to</del> <ins>profit have</ins> the owners <del>thereof, saving the beholding of</del> <ins>Except to see</ins> them with their eyes?</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 5:12]</b> The sleep of a <del>labouring</del> <ins>laboring</ins> man is sweet, <del>whether</del> <ins>Whether</ins> he <del>eat</del> <ins>eats</ins> little or <del>much: but</del> <ins>much; But</ins> the abundance of the rich will not <del>suffer</del> <ins>permit</ins> him to sleep.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 5:13]</b> There is a <del>sore</del> <ins>severe</ins> evil which I have seen under the <del>sun, namely, riches</del> <ins>sun: Riches</ins> kept for <del>the owners thereof to</del> their <ins>owner to his</ins> hurt.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 5:14]</b> But those riches perish <del>by evil travail: and</del> <ins>through misfortune; When</ins> he <del>begetteth</del> <ins>begets</ins> a son, <del>and</del> there is nothing in his hand.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 5:15]</b> As he came <del>forth of</del> <ins>from</ins> his mother's womb, naked shall he <del>return to</del> <ins>return, To</ins> go as he <del>came, and</del> <ins>came; And he</ins> shall take nothing <del>of</del> <ins>from</ins> his <del>labour, which</del> <ins>labor Which</ins> he may carry away in his hand.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 5:16]</b> And this also is a <del>sore evil, that in all points</del> <ins>severe evil--Just exactly</ins> as he came, so shall he <del>go: and</del> <ins>go. And</ins> what profit <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> he <del>that hath laboured</del> <ins>who has labored</ins> for the wind?</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 5:17]</b> All his days <del>also</del> he <del>eateth</del> <ins>also eats</ins> in darkness, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> he <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> much sorrow and <del>wrath with his sickness.</del> <ins>sickness and anger.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 5:18]</b> <del>Behold that which</del> <ins>Here is what</ins> I have seen: <del>it</del> <ins>It</ins> is good and <del>comely</del> <ins>fitting</ins> for one to eat and <del>to</del> drink, and to enjoy the good of all his <del>labour that</del> <ins>labor in which</ins> he <del>taketh</del> <ins>toils</ins> under the sun all the days of his <del>life,</del> <ins>life</ins> which God <del>giveth him:</del> <ins>gives him;</ins> for it is his <del>portion.</del> <ins>heritage.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 5:19]</b> <del>Every</del> <ins>As for every</ins> man <del>also</del> to whom God <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> given riches and wealth, and <del>hath</del> given him power to eat <del>thereof, and</del> <ins>of it,</ins> to <del>take</del> <ins>receive</ins> his <del>portion,</del> <ins>heritage</ins> and <del>to</del> rejoice in his <del>labour; this</del> <ins>labor--this</ins> is the gift of God.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 5:20]</b> For he <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> not <del>much remember</del> <ins>dwell unduly on</ins> the days of his <del>life;</del> <ins>life,</ins> because God <del>answereth</del> <ins>keeps</ins> him <del>in</del> <ins>busy with</ins> the joy of his heart.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 6:2]</b> A man to whom God <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> given <del>riches, wealth,</del> <ins>riches</ins> and <del>honour,</del> <ins>wealth and honor,</ins> so that he <del>wanteth</del> <ins>lacks</ins> nothing for <del>his soul</del> <ins>himself</ins> of all <del>that</del> he <del>desireth,</del> <ins>desires;</ins> yet God <del>giveth him</del> <ins>does</ins> not <ins>give him</ins> power to eat <del>thereof,</del> <ins>of it,</ins> but a <del>stranger eateth it: this</del> <ins>foreigner consumes it. This</ins> is vanity, and it is an evil <del>disease.</del> <ins>affliction.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 6:3]</b> If a man <del>beget an</del> <ins>begets a</ins> hundred <del>children,</del> <ins>children</ins> and <del>live</del> <ins>lives</ins> many years, so that the days of his years <del>be</del> <ins>are</ins> many, <del>and</del> <ins>but</ins> his soul <del>be</del> <ins>is</ins> not <del>filled</del> <ins>satisfied</ins> with <del>good, and also that</del> <ins>goodness, or indeed</ins> he <del>have</del> <ins>has</ins> no <del>burial;</del> <ins>burial,</ins> I <del>say,</del> <ins>say</ins> that <del>an untimely birth</del> <ins>a stillborn child</ins> is better than <del>he.</del> <ins>he--</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 6:4]</b> <del>For he cometh</del> <ins>for it comes</ins> in <del>with vanity,</del> <ins>vanity</ins> and <del>departeth</del> <ins>departs</ins> in darkness, and <del>his</del> <ins>its</ins> name <del>shall be</del> <ins>is</ins> covered with darkness.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 6:5]</b> <del>Moreover he hath</del> <ins>Though it has</ins> not seen the <del>sun, nor</del> <ins>sun or</ins> known <del>any thing:</del> <ins>anything,</ins> this <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> more rest than <del>the other.</del> <ins>that man,</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 6:6]</b> <del>Yea, though</del> <ins>even if</ins> he <del>live</del> <ins>lives</ins> a thousand years <del>twice told, yet hath he</del> <ins>twice--but has not</ins> seen <del>no good: do</del> <ins>goodness. Do</ins> not all go to one place?</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 6:7]</b> All the <del>labour</del> <ins>labor</ins> of man is for his mouth, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> yet the <del>appetite</del> <ins>soul</ins> is not <del>filled.</del> <ins>satisfied.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 6:8]</b> For what <del>hath</del> <ins>more has</ins> the wise <del>more</del> <ins>man</ins> than the fool? <del>what hath</del> <ins>What does</ins> the <del>poor, that knoweth</del> <ins>poor man have, Who knows how</ins> to walk before the living?</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 6:9]</b> Better is the sight of the eyes than the wandering of <del>the desire: this is</del> <ins>desire. This</ins> also <ins>is</ins> vanity and <del>vexation of spirit.</del> <ins>grasping for the wind.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 6:10]</b> <del>That which hath</del> <ins>Whatever one is, he has</ins> been <del>is</del> named already, <del>and</del> <ins>For</ins> it is known that <del>it is man: neither may</del> he <ins>is man; And he cannot</ins> contend with <del>him that</del> <ins>Him who</ins> is mightier than he.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 6:11]</b> <del>Seeing</del> <ins>Since</ins> there <del>be</del> <ins>are</ins> many things that increase vanity, <del>what</del> <ins>How</ins> is man the better?</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 6:12]</b> For who <del>knoweth</del> <ins>knows</ins> what is good for man in <del>this</del> life, all the days of his vain life which he <del>spendeth as</del> <ins>passes like</ins> a shadow? <del>for who</del> <ins>Who</ins> can tell a man what <del>shall be</del> <ins>will happen</ins> after him under the sun?</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 7:1]</b> A good name is better than precious <del>ointment; and</del> <ins>ointment, And</ins> the day of death than the day of one's <del>birth.</del> <ins>birth;</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 7:2]</b> <del>It is better</del> <ins>Better</ins> to go to the house of <del>mourning, than</del> <ins>mourning Than</ins> to go to the house of <del>feasting: for</del> <ins>feasting, For</ins> that is the end of all men; <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> the living will <del>lay</del> <ins>take</ins> it to <del>his</del> heart.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 7:3]</b> Sorrow is better than <del>laughter: for</del> <ins>laughter, For</ins> by <del>the sadness of the</del> <ins>a sad</ins> countenance the heart is made better.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 7:4]</b> The heart of the wise is in the house of <del>mourning; but</del> <ins>mourning, But</ins> the heart of fools is in the house of mirth.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 7:5]</b> It is better to hear the rebuke of the <del>wise, than</del> <ins>wise Than</ins> for a man to hear the song of fools.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 7:6]</b> For <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> the crackling of thorns under a pot, <del>so</del> <ins>So</ins> is the laughter of the <del>fool: this</del> <ins>fool. This</ins> also is vanity.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 7:7]</b> Surely oppression <del>maketh</del> <ins>destroys</ins> a wise <del>man mad; and</del> <ins>man's reason, And</ins> a <del>gift destroyeth</del> <ins>bribe debases</ins> the heart.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 7:8]</b> <del>Better is the</del> <ins>The</ins> end of a thing <ins>is better</ins> than <del>the beginning thereof: and the</del> <ins>its beginning; The</ins> patient in spirit is better than the proud in spirit.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 7:9]</b> <del>Be</del> <ins>Do</ins> not <del>hasty</del> <ins>hasten</ins> in <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> spirit to be <del>angry: for</del> <ins>angry, For</ins> anger <del>resteth</del> <ins>rests</ins> in the bosom of fools.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 7:10]</b> <del>Say</del> <ins>Do</ins> not <del>thou, What is the cause that</del> <ins>say, "Why were</ins> the former days <del>were</del> better than <del>these? for thou dost</del> <ins>these?" For you do</ins> not <del>enquire</del> <ins>inquire</ins> wisely concerning this.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 7:11]</b> Wisdom is good with an <del>inheritance: and by it there is profit</del> <ins>inheritance, And profitable</ins> to <del>them that</del> <ins>those who</ins> see the sun.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 7:12]</b> For wisdom is a <del>defence, and</del> <ins>defense as</ins> money is a <del>defence: but</del> <ins>defense, But</ins> the <del>excellency</del> <ins>excellence</ins> of knowledge <del>is,</del> <ins>is</ins> that wisdom <del>giveth</del> <ins>gives</ins> life to <del>them that</del> <ins>those who</ins> have it.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 7:13]</b> Consider the work of <del>God: for</del> <ins>God; For</ins> who can make <del>that straight, which he hath</del> <ins>straight what He has</ins> made crooked?</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 7:14]</b> In the day of prosperity be joyful, <del>but</del> <ins>But</ins> in the day of adversity consider: <ins>Surely</ins> God <del>also hath set</del> <ins>has appointed</ins> the one <del>over against</del> <ins>as well as</ins> the other, <del>to the end</del> <ins>So</ins> that man <del>should</del> <ins>can</ins> find <ins>out</ins> nothing <ins>that will come</ins> after him.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 7:15]</b> <del>All things have</del> I <ins>have</ins> seen <ins>everything</ins> in <del>the</del> <ins>my</ins> days of <del>my</del> vanity: <del>there</del> <ins>There</ins> is a just man <del>that perisheth</del> <ins>who perishes</ins> in his righteousness, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> there is a wicked man <del>that prolongeth his</del> <ins>who prolongs</ins> life in his wickedness.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 7:16]</b> <del>Be</del> <ins>Do</ins> not <del>righteous over much; neither make thyself over</del> <ins>be overly righteous, Nor be overly</ins> wise: <del>why shouldest thou</del> <ins>Why should you</ins> destroy <del>thyself?</del> <ins>yourself?</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 7:17]</b> <del>Be</del> <ins>Do</ins> not <del>over much wicked, neither</del> be <del>thou</del> <ins>overly wicked, Nor be</ins> foolish: <del>why shouldest thou</del> <ins>Why should you</ins> die before <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> time?</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 7:18]</b> It is good that <del>thou shouldest take hold of this; yea,</del> <ins>you grasp this, And</ins> also <del>from this withdraw</del> not <del>thine hand: for</del> <ins>remove your hand from the other; For</ins> he <del>that feareth</del> <ins>who fears</ins> God <del>shall come forth of</del> <ins>will escape</ins> them all.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 7:19]</b> Wisdom <del>strengtheneth</del> <ins>strengthens</ins> the wise <del>more</del> <ins>More</ins> than ten <del>mighty men which are in</del> <ins>rulers of</ins> the city.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 7:20]</b> For there is not a just man <del>upon earth, that doeth good, and sinneth not.</del> <ins>on earth who does good And does not sin.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 7:21]</b> Also <ins>do not</ins> take <del>no heed unto all words that are spoken; lest thou</del> <ins>to heart everything people say, Lest you</ins> hear <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> servant <del>curse thee:</del> <ins>cursing you.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 7:22]</b> For <del>oftentimes also thine</del> <ins>many times, also, your</ins> own heart <del>knoweth that thou thyself likewise hast</del> <ins>has known That even you have</ins> cursed others.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 7:23]</b> All this <del>have</del> I <ins>have</ins> proved by <del>wisdom:</del> <ins>wisdom.</ins> I said, <del>I</del> <ins>"I</ins> will be <del>wise; but</del> <ins>wise"; But</ins> it was far from me.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 7:24]</b> <del>That</del> <ins>As for that</ins> which is far <del>off,</del> <ins>off</ins> and <del>exceeding</del> <ins>exceedingly</ins> deep, <del>who</del> <ins>Who</ins> can find it out?</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 7:25]</b> I applied <del>mine</del> <ins>my</ins> heart to know, <ins>To search</ins> and <del>to search, and to</del> seek out <del>wisdom,</del> <ins>wisdom</ins> and the reason of things, <del>and to</del> <ins>To</ins> know the wickedness of folly, <del>even</del> <ins>Even</ins> of foolishness and <del>madness:</del> <ins>madness.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 7:26]</b> And I find more bitter than death <del>the woman,</del> <ins>The woman</ins> whose heart is snares and nets, <del>and her</del> <ins>Whose</ins> hands <del>as bands: whoso pleaseth</del> <ins>are fetters. He who pleases</ins> God shall escape from <del>her; but</del> <ins>her, But</ins> the sinner shall be <del>taken</del> <ins>trapped</ins> by her.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 7:27]</b> <del>Behold, this have</del> <ins>"Here is what</ins> I <del>found, saith</del> <ins>have found," says</ins> the <del>preacher, counting</del> <ins>Preacher, "Adding</ins> one <del>by one,</del> <ins>thing to the other</ins> to find out the <del>account:</del> <ins>reason,</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 7:28]</b> Which <del>yet</del> my soul <del>seeketh,</del> <ins>still seeks</ins> but I <del>find not: one</del> <ins>cannot find: One</ins> man among a thousand <del>have</del> I <del>found; but</del> <ins>have found, But</ins> a woman among all <del>those have</del> <ins>these</ins> I <ins>have</ins> not found.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 7:29]</b> <del>Lo,</del> <ins>Truly,</ins> this only <del>have</del> I <del>found, that</del> <ins>have found: That</ins> God <del>hath</del> made man <del>upright; but</del> <ins>upright, But</ins> they have sought out many <del>inventions.</del> <ins>schemes."</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 8:1]</b> Who is <del>as the</del> <ins>like a</ins> wise man? <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> who <del>knoweth</del> <ins>knows</ins> the interpretation of a thing? <del>a</del> <ins>A</ins> man's wisdom <del>maketh</del> <ins>makes</ins> his face <del>to</del> shine, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> the <del>boldness</del> <ins>sternness</ins> of his face <del>shall be</del> <ins>is</ins> changed.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 8:2]</b> I <del>counsel thee to keep</del> <ins>say, "Keep</ins> the king's <del>commandment, and that in regard of</del> <ins>commandment for</ins> the <del>oath</del> <ins>sake</ins> of <ins>your oath to</ins> God.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 8:3]</b> <del>Be</del> <ins>Do</ins> not <ins>be</ins> hasty to go <del>out of</del> <ins>from</ins> his <del>sight: stand</del> <ins>presence. Do</ins> not <del>in</del> <ins>take your stand for</ins> an evil <del>thing;</del> <ins>thing,</ins> for he <del>doeth whatsoever pleaseth him.</del> <ins>does whatever pleases him."</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 8:4]</b> Where the word of a king is, there is <del>power: and</del> <ins>power; And</ins> who may say <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> him, <del>What doest thou?</del> <ins>"What are you doing?"</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 8:5]</b> <del>Whoso keepeth the commandment shall feel no evil thing: and</del> <ins>He who keeps his command will experience nothing harmful; And</ins> a wise man's heart <del>discerneth</del> <ins>discerns</ins> both time and <del>judgment.</del> <ins>judgment,</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 8:6]</b> Because <del>to</del> <ins>for</ins> every <del>purpose</del> <ins>matter</ins> there is <ins>a</ins> time and judgment, <del>therefore</del> <ins>Though</ins> the misery of man <del>is great upon him.</del> <ins>increases greatly.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 8:7]</b> For he <del>knoweth</del> <ins>does</ins> not <del>that which shall be: for</del> <ins>know what will happen; So</ins> who can tell him when it <del>shall be?</del> <ins>will occur?</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 8:8]</b> <del>There is no man that hath</del> <ins>No one has</ins> power over the spirit to retain the <del>spirit; neither hath he</del> <ins>spirit, And no one has</ins> power in the day of <del>death: and there</del> <ins>death. There</ins> is no <del>discharge in</del> <ins>release from</ins> that <del>war; neither shall</del> <ins>war, And</ins> wickedness <ins>will not</ins> deliver those <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> are given to it.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 8:9]</b> All this <del>have</del> I <ins>have</ins> seen, and applied my heart <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> every work that is done under the sun: <del>there</del> <ins>There</ins> is a time <del>wherein</del> <ins>in which</ins> one man <del>ruleth</del> <ins>rules</ins> over another to his own hurt.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 8:10]</b> <del>And so</del> <ins>Then</ins> I saw the wicked buried, who had come and gone from the place of <del>the holy,</del> <ins>holiness,</ins> and they were forgotten in the city where they had so <del>done: this is</del> <ins>done. This</ins> also <ins>is</ins> vanity.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 8:11]</b> Because <ins>the</ins> sentence against an evil work is not executed speedily, therefore the heart of the sons of men is fully set in them to do evil.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 8:12]</b> Though a sinner <del>do</del> <ins>does</ins> evil <del>an</del> <ins>a</ins> hundred times, and his days <del>be</del> <ins>are</ins> prolonged, yet <del>surely</del> I <ins>surely</ins> know that it <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be well with <del>them that</del> <ins>those who</ins> fear God, <del>which</del> <ins>who</ins> fear before <del>him:</del> <ins>Him.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 8:13]</b> But it <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> not be well with the <del>wicked, neither shall</del> <ins>wicked; nor will</ins> he prolong his days, which are as a <del>shadow;</del> <ins>shadow,</ins> because he <del>feareth</del> <ins>does</ins> not <ins>fear</ins> before God.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 8:14]</b> There is a vanity which <del>is done upon the earth;</del> <ins>occurs on earth,</ins> that there <del>be</del> <ins>are</ins> just <del>men, unto</del> <ins>men to</ins> whom it <del>happeneth</del> <ins>happens</ins> according to the work of the wicked; again, there <del>be</del> <ins>are</ins> wicked <del>men,</del> <ins>men</ins> to whom it <del>happeneth</del> <ins>happens</ins> according to the work of the <del>righteous:</del> <ins>righteous.</ins> I said that this also is vanity.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 8:15]</b> <del>Then</del> <ins>So</ins> I commended <del>mirth,</del> <ins>enjoyment,</ins> because a man <del>hath no</del> <ins>has nothing</ins> better <del>thing</del> under the <del>sun,</del> <ins>sun</ins> than to eat, <del>and to</del> drink, and <del>to</del> be <del>merry:</del> <ins>merry;</ins> for <del>that shall abide</del> <ins>this will remain</ins> with him <del>of</del> <ins>in</ins> his <del>labour</del> <ins>labor all</ins> the days of his <del>life,</del> <ins>life</ins> which God <del>giveth</del> <ins>gives</ins> him under the sun.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 8:16]</b> When I applied <del>mine</del> <ins>my</ins> heart to know <del>wisdom,</del> <ins>wisdom</ins> and to see the business that is done <del>upon the earth: (for also there is that neither day nor night seeth</del> <ins>on earth, even though one sees no</ins> sleep <del>with his eyes:)</del> <ins>day or night,</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 8:17]</b> <del>Then</del> <ins>then</ins> I <del>beheld</del> <ins>saw</ins> all the work of God, that a man cannot find out the work that is done under the <del>sun: because</del> <ins>sun. For</ins> though a man <del>labour</del> <ins>labors</ins> to <del>seek it out,</del> <ins>discover it,</ins> yet he <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> not find it; <del>yea farther;</del> <ins>moreover,</ins> though a wise man <del>think</del> <ins>attempts</ins> to know it, <del>yet shall</del> he <ins>will</ins> not be able to find it.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 9:1]</b> For <del>all this</del> I considered <ins>all this</ins> in my <del>heart even to</del> <ins>heart, so that I could</ins> declare <del>all this,</del> <ins>it all:</ins> that the <del>righteous,</del> <ins>righteous</ins> and the <del>wise,</del> <ins>wise</ins> and their <del>works,</del> <ins>works</ins> are in the hand of <del>God: no man knoweth either</del> <ins>God. People know neither</ins> love <del>or</del> <ins>nor</ins> hatred by <del>all that is</del> <ins>anything they see</ins> before them.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 9:2]</b> All things come alike to all: <del>there is one</del> <ins>One</ins> event <ins>happens</ins> to the <del>righteous,</del> <ins>righteous</ins> and <del>to</del> the wicked; <del>to</del> <ins>To</ins> the <del>good and to</del> <ins>good,</ins> the clean, and <del>to</del> the unclean; <del>to</del> <ins>To</ins> him <del>that sacrificeth,</del> <ins>who sacrifices</ins> and <del>to</del> him <del>that sacrificeth not: as</del> <ins>who does not sacrifice. As</ins> is the good, so is the sinner; <del>and he that sweareth,</del> <ins>He who takes an oath</ins> as he <del>that feareth</del> <ins>who fears</ins> an oath.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 9:3]</b> This is an evil <del>among</del> <ins>in</ins> all <del>things</del> that <del>are</del> <ins>is</ins> done under the <del>sun,</del> <ins>sun:</ins> that <del>there is</del> one <del>event unto all: yea, also</del> <ins>thing happens to all. Truly</ins> the <del>heart</del> <ins>hearts</ins> of the sons of men <del>is</del> <ins>are</ins> full of <del>evil, and</del> <ins>evil;</ins> madness is in their <del>heart</del> <ins>hearts</ins> while they live, and after that they go to the dead.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 9:4]</b> <del>For to</del> <ins>But for</ins> him <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> is joined to all the living there is <del>hope:</del> <ins>hope,</ins> for a living dog is better than a dead lion.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 9:5]</b> For the living know that they <del>shall die: but</del> <ins>will die; But</ins> the dead know <del>not any thing, neither have</del> <ins>nothing, And</ins> they <del>any</del> <ins>have no</ins> more <del>a reward; for</del> <ins>reward, For</ins> the memory of them is forgotten.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 9:6]</b> Also their love, <del>and</del> their hatred, and their <del>envy, is</del> <ins>envy have</ins> now perished; <del>neither have</del> <ins>Nevermore will</ins> they <del>any more</del> <ins>have</ins> a <del>portion for ever in any thing that is</del> <ins>share In anything</ins> done under the sun.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 9:7]</b> <del>Go thy way,</del> <ins>Go,</ins> eat <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> bread with joy, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> drink <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> wine with a merry heart; <del>for</del> <ins>For</ins> God <del>now accepteth thy</del> <ins>has already accepted your</ins> works.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 9:8]</b> Let <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> garments <del>be</del> always <del>white; and</del> <ins>be white, And</ins> let <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> head lack no <del>ointment.</del> <ins>oil.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 9:9]</b> Live joyfully with the wife whom <del>thou lovest</del> <ins>you love</ins> all the days of <del>the</del> <ins>your vain</ins> life <del>of thy vanity,</del> which <del>he hath</del> <ins>He has</ins> given <del>thee</del> <ins>you</ins> under the sun, all <del>the</del> <ins>your</ins> days of <del>thy vanity:</del> <ins>vanity;</ins> for that is <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> portion in <del>this</del> life, and in <del>thy labour</del> <ins>the labor</ins> which <del>thou takest</del> <ins>you perform</ins> under the sun.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 9:10]</b> <del>Whatsoever thy</del> <ins>Whatever your</ins> hand <del>findeth</del> <ins>finds</ins> to do, do it with <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> might; for there is no <del>work, nor device, nor knowledge, nor wisdom,</del> <ins>work or device or knowledge or wisdom</ins> in the <del>grave, whither thou goest.</del> <ins>grave where you are going.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 9:11]</b> I <del>returned,</del> <ins>returned</ins> and saw under the <del>sun, that the</del> <ins>sun that--The</ins> race is not to the swift, <del>nor</del> <ins>Nor</ins> the battle to the strong, <del>neither yet</del> <ins>Nor</ins> bread to the wise, <del>nor yet</del> <ins>Nor</ins> riches to men of understanding, <del>nor yet favour</del> <ins>Nor favor</ins> to men of skill; <del>but</del> <ins>But</ins> time and chance <del>happeneth</del> <ins>happen</ins> to them all.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 9:12]</b> For man also <del>knoweth</del> <ins>does</ins> not <ins>know</ins> his time: <del>as the fishes that are</del> <ins>Like fish</ins> taken in <del>an evil</del> <ins>a cruel</ins> net, <del>and as the</del> <ins>Like</ins> birds <del>that are</del> caught in <del>the snare; so are</del> <ins>a snare, So</ins> the sons of men <ins>are</ins> snared in an evil time, <del>when</del> <ins>When</ins> it <del>falleth</del> <ins>falls</ins> suddenly upon them.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 9:13]</b> This wisdom <del>have</del> I <del>seen</del> <ins>have</ins> also <ins>seen</ins> under the sun, and it seemed great <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me:</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 9:14]</b> There was a little <del>city, and</del> <ins>city with</ins> few men <del>within</del> <ins>in</ins> it; and <del>there came</del> a great king <ins>came</ins> against it, <del>and</del> besieged it, and built great <del>bulwarks against it:</del> <ins>snares around it.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 9:15]</b> Now there was found in it a poor wise man, and he by his wisdom delivered the <del>city; yet</del> <ins>city. Yet</ins> no <del>man</del> <ins>one</ins> remembered that same poor man.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 9:16]</b> Then <del>said I, Wisdom</del> <ins>I said: "Wisdom</ins> is better than <del>strength: nevertheless</del> <ins>strength. Nevertheless</ins> the poor man's wisdom is despised, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> his words are not heard.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 9:17]</b> <del>The words</del> <ins>Words</ins> of <del>wise men are</del> <ins>the wise, spoken quietly, should be</ins> heard <del>in quiet more</del> <ins>Rather</ins> than the <del>cry</del> <ins>shout</ins> of <del>him that ruleth among</del> <ins>a ruler of</ins> fools.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 9:18]</b> Wisdom is better than weapons of <del>war: but</del> <ins>war; But</ins> one sinner <del>destroyeth</del> <ins>destroys</ins> much <del>good.</del> <ins>good."</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 10:1]</b> Dead flies <del>cause</del> <ins>putrefy</ins> the <del>ointment of the apothecary</del> <ins>perfumer's ointment, And cause it</ins> to <del>send forth</del> <ins>give off</ins> a <del>stinking savour: so doth</del> <ins>foul odor; So does</ins> a little folly <del>him that is in reputation</del> <ins>to one respected</ins> for wisdom and <del>honour.</del> <ins>honor.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 10:2]</b> A wise man's heart is at his right <del>hand; but</del> <ins>hand, But</ins> a fool's heart at his left.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 10:3]</b> <del>Yea also,</del> <ins>Even</ins> when <del>he that is</del> a fool <del>walketh by</del> <ins>walks along</ins> the way, <del>his wisdom faileth him, and</del> <ins>He lacks wisdom, And</ins> he <del>saith to every one</del> <ins>shows everyone</ins> that he is a fool.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 10:4]</b> If the spirit of the ruler <del>rise up</del> <ins>rises</ins> against <del>thee, leave</del> <ins>you, Do</ins> not <del>thy place; for yielding pacifieth</del> <ins>leave your post; For conciliation pacifies</ins> great <del>offences.</del> <ins>offenses.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 10:5]</b> There is an evil <del>which</del> I have seen under the sun, <del>as</del> <ins>As</ins> an error <del>which proceedeth</del> <ins>proceeding</ins> from the ruler:</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 10:6]</b> Folly is set in great dignity, <del>and</del> <ins>While</ins> the rich sit in <del>low</del> <ins>a lowly</ins> place.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 10:7]</b> I have seen servants <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> horses, <del>and</del> <ins>While</ins> princes <del>walking as servants upon</del> <ins>walk on</ins> the <del>earth.</del> <ins>ground like servants.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 10:8]</b> He <del>that diggeth</del> <ins>who digs</ins> a pit <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> fall into <del>it; and whoso breaketh an hedge,</del> <ins>it, And whoever breaks through</ins> a <del>serpent shall bite him.</del> <ins>wall will be bitten by a serpent.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 10:9]</b> <del>Whoso removeth</del> <ins>He who quarries</ins> stones <del>shall</del> <ins>may</ins> be hurt <del>therewith; and</del> <ins>by them, And</ins> he <del>that cleaveth</del> <ins>who splits</ins> wood <del>shall</del> <ins>may</ins> be endangered <del>thereby.</del> <ins>by it.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 10:10]</b> If the <del>iron be blunt, and he do</del> <ins>ax is dull, And one does</ins> not <del>whet</del> <ins>sharpen</ins> the edge, <del>then must</del> <ins>Then</ins> he <del>put to</del> <ins>must use</ins> more <del>strength: but</del> <ins>strength; But</ins> wisdom <del>is profitable to direct.</del> <ins>brings success.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 10:11]</b> <del>Surely the</del> <ins>A</ins> serpent <del>will</del> <ins>may</ins> bite <del>without enchantment; and a</del> <ins>when it is not charmed; The</ins> babbler is no <del>better.</del> <ins>different.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 10:12]</b> The words of a wise man's mouth are <del>gracious; but</del> <ins>gracious, But</ins> the lips of a fool <del>will</del> <ins>shall</ins> swallow <del>up himself.</del> <ins>him up;</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 10:13]</b> The <del>beginning of the</del> words of his mouth <del>is foolishness: and</del> <ins>begin with foolishness, And</ins> the end of his talk is <del>mischievous</del> <ins>raving</ins> madness.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 10:14]</b> A fool also <del>is full of words: a</del> <ins>multiplies words. No</ins> man <del>cannot tell</del> <ins>knows</ins> what <del>shall</del> <ins>is to</ins> be; <del>and what shall be after him, who</del> <ins>Who</ins> can tell <ins>him what will be after</ins> him?</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 10:15]</b> The <del>labour</del> <ins>labor</ins> of <del>the foolish wearieth every one of</del> <ins>fools wearies</ins> them, <del>because he knoweth</del> <ins>For they do</ins> not <ins>even know</ins> how to go to the <del>city.</del> <ins>city!</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 10:16]</b> Woe to <del>thee,</del> <ins>you,</ins> O land, when <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> king is a child, <del>and thy</del> <ins>And your</ins> princes <del>eat</del> <ins>feast</ins> in the morning!</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 10:17]</b> Blessed <del>art thou,</del> <ins>are you,</ins> O land, when <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> king is the son of nobles, <del>and thy</del> <ins>And your</ins> princes <del>eat in due season, for strength,</del> <ins>feast at the proper time--For strength</ins> and not for drunkenness!</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 10:18]</b> <del>By much slothfulness</del> <ins>Because of laziness</ins> the building <del>decayeth; and</del> <ins>decays, And</ins> through idleness of <del>the</del> hands the house <del>droppeth through.</del> <ins>leaks.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 10:19]</b> A feast is made for laughter, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> wine <del>maketh merry: but</del> <ins>makes merry; But</ins> money <del>answereth all things.</del> <ins>answers everything.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 10:20]</b> <del>Curse</del> <ins>Do</ins> not <ins>curse</ins> the king, <del>no not</del> <ins>even</ins> in <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> thought; <del>and curse</del> <ins>Do</ins> not <ins>curse</ins> the <del>rich</del> <ins>rich, even</ins> in <del>thy bedchamber: for</del> <ins>your bedroom; For</ins> a bird of the air <del>shall</del> <ins>may</ins> carry <del>the</del> <ins>your</ins> voice, <del>and that which hath wings shall</del> <ins>And a bird in flight may</ins> tell the matter.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 11:1]</b> Cast <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> bread upon the <del>waters: for thou shalt</del> <ins>waters, For you will</ins> find it after many days.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 11:2]</b> Give a <del>portion</del> <ins>serving</ins> to seven, and also to <del>eight; for thou knowest</del> <ins>eight, For you do</ins> not <ins>know</ins> what evil <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> the earth.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 11:3]</b> If the clouds <del>be</del> <ins>are</ins> full of rain, <del>they</del> <ins>They</ins> empty themselves upon the <del>earth: and</del> <ins>earth; And</ins> if <del>the</del> <ins>a</ins> tree <del>fall toward</del> <ins>falls to</ins> the <del>south,</del> <ins>south</ins> or <del>toward</del> the north, <del>in</del> <ins>In</ins> the place where the tree <del>falleth,</del> <ins>falls,</ins> there it shall <del>be.</del> <ins>lie.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 11:4]</b> He <del>that observeth</del> <ins>who observes</ins> the wind <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> not <del>sow; and</del> <ins>sow, And</ins> he <del>that regardeth</del> <ins>who regards</ins> the clouds <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> not reap.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 11:5]</b> As <del>thou knowest</del> <ins>you do</ins> not <ins>know</ins> what is the way of the <del>spirit, nor</del> <ins>wind, Or</ins> how the bones <del>do</del> grow in the womb of her <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> is with <del>child: even so thou knowest</del> <ins>child, So you do</ins> not <ins>know</ins> the works of God who <del>maketh all.</del> <ins>makes everything.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 11:6]</b> In the morning sow <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> seed, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> in the evening <del>withhold</del> <ins>do</ins> not <del>thine hand: for thou knowest</del> <ins>withhold your hand; For you do</ins> not <del>whether shall</del> <ins>know which will</ins> prosper, <del>either</del> <ins>Either</ins> this or that, <del>or</del> <ins>Or</ins> whether <del>they</del> both <del>shall be</del> alike <ins>will be</ins> good.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 11:7]</b> Truly the light is sweet, <del>and a pleasant thing</del> <ins>And</ins> it is <ins>pleasant</ins> for the eyes to behold the <del>sun:</del> <ins>sun;</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 11:8]</b> But if a man <del>live</del> <ins>lives</ins> many <del>years, and rejoice</del> <ins>years And rejoices</ins> in them <del>all; yet</del> <ins>all, Yet</ins> let him remember the days of <del>darkness; for</del> <ins>darkness, For</ins> they <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be many. All that <del>cometh</del> <ins>is coming</ins> is vanity.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 11:9]</b> Rejoice, O young man, in <del>thy youth; and</del> <ins>your youth, And</ins> let <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> heart cheer <del>thee</del> <ins>you</ins> in the days of <del>thy youth, and walk</del> <ins>your youth; Walk</ins> in the ways of <del>thine</del> <ins>your</ins> heart, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> in the sight of <del>thine eyes: but</del> <ins>your eyes; But</ins> know <del>thou,</del> that for all these <del>things</del> God will bring <del>thee</del> <ins>you</ins> into judgment.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 11:10]</b> Therefore remove sorrow from <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> heart, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> put away evil from <del>thy flesh: for</del> <ins>your flesh, For</ins> childhood and youth are vanity.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 12:1]</b> Remember now <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> Creator in the days of <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> youth, <del>while</del> <ins>Before</ins> the <del>evil</del> <ins>difficult</ins> days <del>come not, nor</del> <ins>come, And</ins> the years draw <del>nigh,</del> <ins>near</ins> when <del>thou shalt</del> <ins>you</ins> say, <del>I</del> <ins>"I</ins> have no pleasure in <del>them;</del> <ins>them":</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 12:2]</b> While the <del>sun, or</del> <ins>sun and</ins> the light, <del>or the moon, or</del> <ins>The moon and</ins> the stars, <del>be</del> <ins>Are</ins> not darkened, <del>nor</del> <ins>And</ins> the clouds <ins>do not</ins> return after the <del>rain:</del> <ins>rain;</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 12:3]</b> In the day when the keepers of the house <del>shall</del> tremble, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> the strong men <del>shall</del> bow <del>themselves, and</del> <ins>down; When</ins> the grinders cease because they are few, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> those that look <del>out of</del> <ins>through</ins> the windows <del>be darkened,</del> <ins>grow dim;</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 12:4]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>When</ins> the doors <del>shall be</del> <ins>are</ins> shut in the streets, <del>when</del> <ins>And</ins> the sound of <del>the</del> grinding is <del>low, and he shall rise</del> <ins>low; When one rises</ins> up at the <del>voice</del> <ins>sound</ins> of <del>the</del> <ins>a</ins> bird, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> all the daughters of <del>musick shall be</del> <ins>music are</ins> brought <del>low;</del> <ins>low.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 12:5]</b> Also <del>when</del> they <del>shall be</del> <ins>are</ins> afraid of <del>that which is high, and fears shall be</del> <ins>height, And of terrors</ins> in the <del>way, and</del> <ins>way; When</ins> the almond tree <del>shall flourish, and the</del> <ins>blossoms, The</ins> grasshopper <del>shall be</del> <ins>is</ins> a burden, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> desire <del>shall fail: because</del> <ins>fails. For</ins> man <del>goeth</del> <ins>goes</ins> to his <del>long</del> <ins>eternal</ins> home, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> the mourners go about the <del>streets:</del> <ins>streets.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 12:6]</b> <del>Or ever</del> <ins>Remember your Creator before</ins> the silver cord <del>be</del> <ins>is</ins> loosed, <del>or</del> <ins>Or</ins> the golden bowl <del>be</del> <ins>is</ins> broken, <del>or</del> <ins>Or</ins> the pitcher <del>be broken</del> <ins>shattered</ins> at the fountain, <del>or</del> <ins>Or</ins> the wheel broken at the <del>cistern.</del> <ins>well.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 12:7]</b> Then <del>shall</del> the dust <ins>will</ins> return to the earth as it <del>was: and</del> <ins>was, And</ins> the spirit <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> return <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> God who gave it.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 12:8]</b> <del>Vanity</del> <ins>"Vanity</ins> of <del>vanities, saith</del> <ins>vanities," says</ins> the <del>preacher; all</del> <ins>Preacher, "All</ins> is <del>vanity.</del> <ins>vanity."</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 12:9]</b> And moreover, because the <del>preacher</del> <ins>Preacher</ins> was wise, he still taught the people knowledge; <del>yea,</del> <ins>yes,</ins> he <del>gave good heed,</del> <ins>pondered</ins> and sought <del>out,</del> <ins>out</ins> and set in order many proverbs.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 12:10]</b> The <del>preacher</del> <ins>Preacher</ins> sought to find <del>out</del> acceptable <del>words:</del> <ins>words;</ins> and <del>that which</del> <ins>what</ins> was written was <del>upright, even words</del> <ins>upright--words</ins> of truth.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 12:11]</b> The words of the wise are <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> goads, and <del>as nails fastened by</del> the <del>masters</del> <ins>words</ins> of <del>assemblies, which</del> <ins>scholars</ins> are <ins>like well-driven nails,</ins> given <del>from</del> <ins>by</ins> one <del>shepherd.</del> <ins>Shepherd.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 12:12]</b> And further, <del>by these,</del> my son, be <del>admonished: of</del> <ins>admonished by these. Of</ins> making many books there is no <del>end;</del> <ins>end,</ins> and much study is <del>a weariness of</del> <ins>wearisome to</ins> the flesh.</p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 12:13]</b> Let us hear the conclusion of the whole matter: Fear <del>God,</del> <ins>God</ins> and keep <del>his commandments: for</del> <ins>His commandments, For</ins> this is <del>the whole duty of man.</del> <ins>man's all.</ins></p><p><b>[Ecclesiastes 12:14]</b> For God <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> bring every work into judgment, <del>with</del> <ins>Including</ins> every secret thing, <del>whether it be good,</del> <ins>Whether good</ins> or <del>whether it be</del> evil.</p>