<p><b>[Esther 1:1]</b> Now it came to pass in the days of <del>Ahasuerus, (this is</del> Ahasuerus <del>which reigned, from India even unto Ethiopia,</del> <ins>(this was the Ahasuerus who reigned</ins> over <del>an</del> <ins>one</ins> hundred and <del>seven and twenty provinces:)</del> <ins>twenty-seven provinces, from India to Ethiopia),</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 1:2]</b> <del>That</del> in those <del>days,</del> <ins>days</ins> when <del>the king</del> <ins>King</ins> Ahasuerus sat on the throne of his kingdom, which was in Shushan the <del>palace,</del> <ins>citadel,</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 1:3]</b> <del>In</del> <ins>that in</ins> the third year of his <del>reign,</del> <ins>reign</ins> he made a feast <del>unto</del> <ins>for</ins> all his <del>princes</del> <ins>officials</ins> and <del>his servants; the power</del> <ins>servants--the powers</ins> of Persia and Media, the <del>nobles</del> <ins>nobles,</ins> and <ins>the</ins> princes of the <del>provinces,</del> <ins>provinces</ins> being before <del>him:</del> <ins>him--</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 1:4]</b> <del>When</del> <ins>when</ins> he <del>shewed</del> <ins>showed</ins> the riches of his glorious kingdom and the <del>honour</del> <ins>splendor</ins> of his excellent majesty <ins>for</ins> many days, <del>even an</del> <ins>one</ins> hundred and <del>fourscore days.</del> <ins>eighty days in all.</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 1:5]</b> And when these days were <del>expired,</del> <ins>completed,</ins> the king made a feast <del>unto</del> <ins>lasting seven days for</ins> all the people <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> were present in Shushan the <del>palace, both unto</del> <ins>citadel, from</ins> great <del>and</del> <ins>to</ins> small, <del>seven days,</del> in the court of the garden of the king's <del>palace;</del> <ins>palace.</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 1:6]</b> <del>Where</del> <ins>There</ins> were <del>white, green,</del> <ins>white</ins> and <del>blue, hangings,</del> <ins>blue linen curtains</ins> fastened with cords of fine linen and purple <del>to</del> <ins>on</ins> silver <del>rings</del> <ins>rods</ins> and <del>pillars of marble:</del> <ins>marble pillars; and</ins> the <del>beds</del> <ins>couches</ins> were of gold and <del>silver, upon</del> <ins>silver on</ins> a <ins>mosaic</ins> pavement of <del>red,</del> <ins>alabaster, turquoise,</ins> and <del>blue,</del> <ins>white</ins> and <del>white, and black,</del> <ins>black</ins> marble.</p><p><b>[Esther 1:7]</b> And they <del>gave them drink</del> <ins>served drinks</ins> in <del>vessels of gold, (the vessels</del> <ins>golden vessels, each vessel</ins> being <del>diverse one</del> <ins>different</ins> from <del>another,) and</del> <ins>the other, with</ins> royal wine in abundance, according to the <del>state</del> <ins>generosity</ins> of the king.</p><p><b>[Esther 1:8]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>In accordance with the law,</ins> the drinking was <del>according to the law; none did compel:</del> <ins>not compulsory;</ins> for so the king had <del>appointed to</del> <ins>ordered</ins> all the officers of his <del>house,</del> <ins>household,</ins> that they should do according to <del>every</del> <ins>each</ins> man's pleasure.</p><p><b>[Esther 1:9]</b> <del>Also</del> <ins>Queen</ins> Vashti <del>the queen</del> <ins>also</ins> made a feast for the women in the royal <del>house</del> <ins>palace</ins> which belonged to <del>king</del> <ins>King</ins> Ahasuerus.</p><p><b>[Esther 1:10]</b> On the seventh day, when the heart of the king was merry with wine, he commanded Mehuman, Biztha, Harbona, Bigtha, <del>and</del> Abagtha, Zethar, and Carcas, <del>the</del> seven <del>chamberlains that</del> <ins>eunuchs who</ins> served in the presence of <del>Ahasuerus the king,</del> <ins>King Ahasuerus,</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 1:11]</b> <del>To</del> <ins>to</ins> bring <ins>Queen</ins> Vashti <del>the queen</del> before the <del>king with the crown royal,</del> <ins>king, wearing her royal crown, in order</ins> to <del>shew</del> <ins>show her beauty to</ins> the people and the <del>princes her beauty:</del> <ins>officials,</ins> for she was <del>fair</del> <ins>beautiful</ins> to <del>look on.</del> <ins>behold.</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 1:12]</b> But <del>the queen</del> <ins>Queen</ins> Vashti refused to come at the king's <del>commandment</del> <ins>command brought</ins> by his <del>chamberlains:</del> <ins>eunuchs;</ins> therefore <del>was</del> the king <del>very wroth,</del> <ins>was furious,</ins> and his anger burned <del>in</del> <ins>within</ins> him.</p><p><b>[Esther 1:13]</b> Then the king said to the wise <del>men, which knew</del> <ins>men who understood</ins> the <del>times,</del> <ins>times</ins> (for <del>so</del> <ins>this</ins> was the king's manner toward all <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> knew law and <del>judgment:</del> <ins>justice,</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 1:14]</b> <del>And the next unto</del> <ins>those closest to</ins> him <del>was</del> <ins>being</ins> Carshena, Shethar, Admatha, Tarshish, Meres, Marsena, and Memucan, the seven princes of Persia and Media, <del>which saw</del> <ins>who had access to</ins> the king's <del>face,</del> <ins>presence,</ins> and <del>which sat the first</del> <ins>who ranked highest</ins> in the <del>kingdom;)</del> <ins>kingdom):</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 1:15]</b> <del>What</del> <ins>"What</ins> shall we do <del>unto the queen Vashti</del> <ins>to Queen Vashti,</ins> according to law, because she <del>hath</del> <ins>did</ins> not <del>performed</del> <ins>obey</ins> the <del>commandment</del> <ins>command</ins> of <del>the king</del> <ins>King</ins> Ahasuerus <ins>brought to her</ins> by the <del>chamberlains?</del> <ins>eunuchs?"</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 1:16]</b> And Memucan answered before the king and the <del>princes,</del> <ins>princes: "Queen</ins> Vashti <del>the queen hath</del> <ins>has</ins> not <del>done wrong to</del> <ins>only wronged</ins> the <del>king only,</del> <ins>king,</ins> but also <del>to</del> all the princes, and <del>to</del> all the people <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> are in all the provinces of <del>the king</del> <ins>King</ins> Ahasuerus.</p><p><b>[Esther 1:17]</b> For <del>this deed of</del> the <del>queen shall come abroad unto</del> <ins>queen's behavior will become known to</ins> all women, so that they <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> despise their husbands in their eyes, when <del>it shall be reported, The king</del> <ins>they report, "King</ins> Ahasuerus commanded <ins>Queen</ins> Vashti <del>the queen</del> to be brought in before him, but she <del>came not.</del> <ins>did not come.'</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 1:18]</b> <del>Likewise shall</del> <ins>This very day</ins> the <ins>noble</ins> ladies of Persia and Media <ins>will</ins> say <del>this day unto</del> <ins>to</ins> all the king's <del>princes, which</del> <ins>officials that they</ins> have heard of the <del>deed</del> <ins>behavior</ins> of the queen. Thus <del>shall</del> there <del>arise too much</del> <ins>will be excessive</ins> contempt and wrath.</p><p><b>[Esther 1:19]</b> If it <del>please</del> <ins>pleases</ins> the king, let <del>there go</del> a royal <del>commandment</del> <ins>decree go out</ins> from him, and let it be <del>written among</del> <ins>recorded in</ins> the laws of the Persians and the Medes, <ins>so</ins> that it <del>be</del> <ins>will</ins> not <ins>be</ins> altered, <del>That</del> <ins>that</ins> Vashti <ins>shall</ins> come no more before <del>king</del> <ins>King</ins> Ahasuerus; and let the king give her royal <del>estate unto</del> <ins>position to</ins> another <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> is better than she.</p><p><b>[Esther 1:20]</b> <del>And when</del> <ins>When</ins> the king's decree which he <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> make <del>shall be published</del> <ins>is proclaimed</ins> throughout all his <del>empire,</del> <ins>empire</ins> (for it is <del>great,)</del> <ins>great),</ins> all <del>the</del> wives <del>shall give to</del> <ins>will honor</ins> their <del>husbands honour,</del> <ins>husbands,</ins> both <del>to</del> great and <del>small.</del> <ins>small."</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 1:21]</b> And the <del>saying</del> <ins>reply</ins> pleased the king and the <del>princes;</del> <ins>princes,</ins> and the king did according to the word of <del>Memucan:</del> <ins>Memucan.</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 1:22]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>Then</ins> he sent letters <del>into</del> <ins>to</ins> all the king's provinces, <del>into every province according</del> to <del>the writing thereof,</del> <ins>each province in its own script,</ins> and to every people <del>after</del> <ins>in</ins> their <ins>own</ins> language, that <del>every</del> <ins>each</ins> man should <del>bear rule</del> <ins>be master</ins> in his own house, and <del>that it should be published according to</del> <ins>speak in</ins> the language of <del>every</del> <ins>his own</ins> people.</p><p><b>[Esther 2:1]</b> After these things, when the wrath of <del>king</del> <ins>King</ins> Ahasuerus <del>was appeased,</del> <ins>subsided,</ins> he remembered Vashti, <del>and</del> what she had done, and what <del>was</del> <ins>had been</ins> decreed against her.</p><p><b>[Esther 2:2]</b> Then <del>said</del> the king's servants <del>that ministered unto him, Let there be fair</del> <ins>who attended him said: "Let beautiful</ins> young virgins <ins>be</ins> sought for the <del>king:</del> <ins>king;</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 2:3]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> let the king appoint officers in all the provinces of his kingdom, that they may gather <del>together</del> all the <del>fair</del> <ins>beautiful</ins> young virgins <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> Shushan the <del>palace, to</del> <ins>citadel, into</ins> the <del>house of the women, unto</del> <ins>women's quarters, under</ins> the custody of <del>Hege</del> <ins>Hegai</ins> the king's <del>chamberlain, keeper</del> <ins>eunuch, custodian</ins> of the <del>women; and</del> <ins>women. And</ins> let <del>their things for purification</del> <ins>beauty preparations</ins> be given <del>them:</del> <ins>them.</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 2:4]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> let the <del>maiden which pleaseth</del> <ins>young woman who pleases</ins> the king be queen instead of <del>Vashti. And the</del> <ins>Vashti." This</ins> thing pleased the <del>king;</del> <ins>king,</ins> and he did so.</p><p><b>[Esther 2:5]</b> <del>Now in</del> <ins>In</ins> Shushan the <del>palace</del> <ins>citadel</ins> there was a certain <del>Jew,</del> <ins>Jew</ins> whose name was <del>Mordecai,</del> <ins>Mordecai</ins> the son of Jair, the son of Shimei, the son of Kish, a <del>Benjamite;</del> <ins>Benjamite.</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 2:6]</b> <del>Who</del> <ins>Kish</ins> had been carried away from Jerusalem with the <del>captivity which</del> <ins>captives who</ins> had been <del>carried away</del> <ins>captured</ins> with Jeconiah king of Judah, whom Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon had carried away.</p><p><b>[Esther 2:7]</b> And <del>he</del> <ins>Mordecai had</ins> brought up Hadassah, that is, Esther, his uncle's <del>daughter:</del> <ins>daughter,</ins> for she had neither father nor <del>mother, and the maid</del> <ins>mother. The young woman</ins> was <del>fair</del> <ins>lovely</ins> and <del>beautiful; whom Mordecai, when</del> <ins>beautiful. When</ins> her father and mother <del>were dead,</del> <ins>died, Mordecai</ins> took <del>for</del> <ins>her as</ins> his own daughter.</p><p><b>[Esther 2:8]</b> So it <del>came to pass,</del> <ins>was,</ins> when the king's <del>commandment</del> <ins>command</ins> and <del>his</del> decree <del>was</del> <ins>were</ins> heard, and when many <del>maidens</del> <ins>young women</ins> were gathered <del>together unto</del> <ins>at</ins> Shushan the <del>palace, to</del> <ins>citadel, under</ins> the custody of Hegai, that Esther <del>was brought</del> also <del>unto the king's house,</del> <ins>was taken</ins> to the <del>custody</del> <ins>king's palace, into the care</ins> of <del>Hegai, keeper</del> <ins>Hegai the custodian</ins> of the women.</p><p><b>[Esther 2:9]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Now</ins> the <del>maiden</del> <ins>young woman</ins> pleased him, and she obtained <del>kindness of him; and</del> <ins>his favor; so</ins> he <del>speedily</del> <ins>readily</ins> gave <del>her her things for purification, with such things as belonged</del> <ins>beauty preparations</ins> to her, <del>and</del> <ins>besides her allowance. Then</ins> seven <del>maidens, which</del> <ins>choice maidservants</ins> were <del>meet to be given her, out of</del> <ins>provided for her from</ins> the king's <del>house:</del> <ins>palace,</ins> and he <del>preferred</del> <ins>moved</ins> her and her <del>maids unto</del> <ins>maidservants to</ins> the best place <del>of</del> <ins>in</ins> the house of the women.</p><p><b>[Esther 2:10]</b> Esther had not <del>shewed</del> <ins>revealed</ins> her people <del>nor her kindred:</del> <ins>or family,</ins> for Mordecai had charged her <del>that she should</del> not <del>shew</del> <ins>to reveal</ins> it.</p><p><b>[Esther 2:11]</b> And <del>Mordecai walked</del> every day <del>before</del> <ins>Mordecai paced in front of</ins> the court of the women's <del>house,</del> <ins>quarters,</ins> to <del>know how Esther did,</del> <ins>learn of Esther's welfare</ins> and what <del>should become of</del> <ins>was happening to</ins> her.</p><p><b>[Esther 2:12]</b> <del>Now when every maid's</del> <ins>Each young woman's</ins> turn <del>was come</del> <ins>came</ins> to go in to <del>king Ahasuerus,</del> <ins>King Ahasuerus</ins> after <del>that</del> she had <del>been</del> <ins>completed</ins> twelve <del>months,</del> <ins>months' preparation,</ins> according to the <del>manner of</del> <ins>regulations for</ins> the women, <del>(for so</del> <ins>for thus</ins> were the days of their <del>purifications accomplished, to wit,</del> <ins>preparation apportioned:</ins> six months with oil of myrrh, and six months with <del>sweet odours,</del> <ins>perfumes</ins> and <del>with other things</del> <ins>preparations</ins> for <del>the purifying of the women;)</del> <ins>beautifying women.</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 2:13]</b> <del>Then thus came every maiden unto</del> <ins>Thus prepared, each young woman went to</ins> the <del>king; whatsoever</del> <ins>king, and</ins> she <del>desired</del> was given <del>her</del> <ins>whatever she desired</ins> to <del>go</del> <ins>take</ins> with her <del>out of</del> <ins>from</ins> the <del>house of the women unto</del> <ins>women's quarters to</ins> the king's <del>house.</del> <ins>palace.</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 2:14]</b> In the evening she went, and <del>on</del> <ins>in</ins> the <del>morrow</del> <ins>morning</ins> she returned <del>into</del> <ins>to</ins> the second house of the women, to the custody of Shaashgaz, the king's <del>chamberlain, which</del> <ins>eunuch who</ins> kept the <del>concubines: she came</del> <ins>concubines. She would not go</ins> in <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the king <del>no more, except</del> <ins>again unless</ins> the king delighted in <del>her,</del> <ins>her</ins> and <del>that she were</del> called <ins>for her</ins> by name.</p><p><b>[Esther 2:15]</b> Now when the turn <del>of Esther,</del> <ins>came for Esther</ins> the daughter of Abihail the uncle of Mordecai, who had taken her <del>for</del> <ins>as</ins> his daughter, <del>was come</del> to go in <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the king, she <del>required</del> <ins>requested</ins> nothing but what Hegai the king's <del>chamberlain,</del> <ins>eunuch,</ins> the <del>keeper</del> <ins>custodian</ins> of the women, <del>appointed.</del> <ins>advised.</ins> And Esther obtained <del>favour</del> <ins>favor</ins> in the sight of all <del>them that looked upon</del> <ins>who saw</ins> her.</p><p><b>[Esther 2:16]</b> So Esther was taken <del>unto king Ahasuerus</del> <ins>to King Ahasuerus,</ins> into his <del>house</del> royal <ins>palace,</ins> in the tenth month, which is the month <ins>of</ins> Tebeth, in the seventh year of his reign.</p><p><b>[Esther 2:17]</b> <del>And the</del> <ins>The</ins> king loved Esther <del>above</del> <ins>more than</ins> all the <ins>other</ins> women, and she obtained grace and <del>favour</del> <ins>favor</ins> in his sight more than all the virgins; so <del>that</del> he set the royal crown upon her <del>head,</del> <ins>head</ins> and made her queen instead of Vashti.</p><p><b>[Esther 2:18]</b> Then the king made a great <del>feast unto</del> <ins>feast, the Feast of Esther, for</ins> all his <del>princes</del> <ins>officials</ins> and <del>his servants, even Esther's feast;</del> <ins>servants;</ins> and he <del>made</del> <ins>proclaimed</ins> a <del>release to</del> <ins>holiday in</ins> the <del>provinces,</del> <ins>provinces</ins> and gave <del>gifts,</del> <ins>gifts</ins> according to the <del>state</del> <ins>generosity</ins> of <del>the</del> <ins>a</ins> king.</p><p><b>[Esther 2:19]</b> <del>And when the</del> <ins>When</ins> virgins were gathered together <del>the</del> <ins>a</ins> second time, <del>then</del> Mordecai sat <del>in</del> <ins>within</ins> the king's gate.</p><p><b>[Esther 2:20]</b> <ins>Now</ins> Esther had not <del>yet shewed</del> <ins>revealed</ins> her <del>kindred nor</del> <ins>family and</ins> her <del>people;</del> <ins>people, just</ins> as Mordecai had charged <del>her:</del> <ins>her,</ins> for Esther <del>did</del> <ins>obeyed</ins> the <del>commandment</del> <ins>command</ins> of <del>Mordecai, like</del> <ins>Mordecai</ins> as when she was brought up <del>with</del> <ins>by</ins> him.</p><p><b>[Esther 2:21]</b> In those days, while Mordecai sat <del>in</del> <ins>within</ins> the king's gate, two of the king's <del>chamberlains,</del> <ins>eunuchs,</ins> Bigthan and Teresh, <del>of those which kept the door, were wroth,</del> <ins>doorkeepers, became furious</ins> and sought to lay hands on <del>the king</del> <ins>King</ins> Ahasuerus.</p><p><b>[Esther 2:22]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>So</ins> the <del>thing was</del> <ins>matter became</ins> known to Mordecai, who told <del>it unto Esther the queen;</del> <ins>Queen Esther,</ins> and Esther <del>certified</del> <ins>informed</ins> the king <del>thereof</del> in Mordecai's name.</p><p><b>[Esther 2:23]</b> And when <del>inquisition</del> <ins>an inquiry</ins> was made <del>of</del> <ins>into</ins> the matter, it was <del>found out; therefore they were</del> <ins>confirmed, and</ins> both <ins>were</ins> hanged on a <del>tree:</del> <ins>gallows;</ins> and it was written in the book of the chronicles <del>before</del> <ins>in the presence of</ins> the king.</p><p><b>[Esther 3:1]</b> After these things <del>did king</del> <ins>King</ins> Ahasuerus <del>promote Haman</del> <ins>promoted Haman,</ins> the son of Hammedatha the Agagite, and advanced <del>him,</del> <ins>him</ins> and set his seat above all the princes <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> were with him.</p><p><b>[Esther 3:2]</b> And all the king's <del>servants, that</del> <ins>servants who</ins> were <del>in</del> <ins>within</ins> the king's <del>gate, bowed,</del> <ins>gate bowed</ins> and <del>reverenced Haman:</del> <ins>paid homage to Haman,</ins> for <ins>so</ins> the king had <del>so</del> commanded concerning him. But Mordecai <del>bowed not, nor did him reverence.</del> <ins>would not bow or pay homage.</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 3:3]</b> Then the king's <del>servants, which</del> <ins>servants who</ins> were <del>in</del> <ins>within</ins> the king's <del>gate,</del> <ins>gate</ins> said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> Mordecai, <del>Why transgressest thou</del> <ins>"Why do you transgress</ins> the king's <del>commandment?</del> <ins>command?"</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 3:4]</b> Now it <del>came to pass,</del> <ins>happened,</ins> when they <del>spake</del> <ins>spoke to him</ins> daily <del>unto him,</del> and he <del>hearkened</del> <ins>would</ins> not <del>unto</del> <ins>listen to</ins> them, that they told <ins>it to</ins> Haman, to see whether Mordecai's <del>matters</del> <ins>words</ins> would <del>stand:</del> <ins>stand;</ins> for <del>he</del> <ins>Mordecai</ins> had told them that he was a Jew.</p><p><b>[Esther 3:5]</b> <del>And when</del> <ins>When</ins> Haman saw that Mordecai <del>bowed not, nor</del> did <ins>not bow or pay</ins> him <del>reverence, then was</del> <ins>homage,</ins> Haman <del>full of</del> <ins>was filled with</ins> wrath.</p><p><b>[Esther 3:6]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>But</ins> he <del>thought scorn</del> <ins>disdained</ins> to lay hands on Mordecai <del>alone;</del> <ins>alone,</ins> for they had <del>shewed</del> <ins>told</ins> him <ins>of</ins> the people of <del>Mordecai: wherefore</del> <ins>Mordecai. Instead,</ins> Haman sought to destroy all the Jews <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> were throughout the whole kingdom of <del>Ahasuerus, even the</del> <ins>Ahasuerus--the</ins> people of Mordecai.</p><p><b>[Esther 3:7]</b> In the first month, <del>that is,</del> <ins>which is</ins> the month <ins>of</ins> Nisan, in the twelfth year of <del>king</del> <ins>King</ins> Ahasuerus, they cast <del>Pur, that</del> <ins>Pur (that</ins> is, the <del>lot,</del> <ins>lot),</ins> before Haman <del>from day</del> to <del>day,</del> <ins>determine the day</ins> and <del>from month to</del> <ins>the</ins> month, <del>to</del> <ins>until it fell on</ins> the twelfth month, <del>that is,</del> <ins>which is</ins> the month <ins>of</ins> Adar.</p><p><b>[Esther 3:8]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> Haman said <del>unto king</del> <ins>to King</ins> Ahasuerus, <del>There</del> <ins>"There</ins> is a certain people scattered <del>abroad</del> and dispersed among the people in all the provinces of <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> kingdom; <del>and</del> their laws are <del>diverse</del> <ins>different</ins> from all <del>people; neither keep</del> <ins>other people's, and</ins> they <ins>do not keep</ins> the king's <del>laws: therefore</del> <ins>laws. Therefore</ins> it is not <ins>fitting</ins> for the <del>king's profit</del> <ins>king</ins> to <del>suffer them.</del> <ins>let them remain.</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 3:9]</b> If it <del>please</del> <ins>pleases</ins> the king, let <del>it</del> <ins>a decree</ins> be written that they <del>may</del> be <del>destroyed:</del> <ins>destroyed,</ins> and I will pay ten thousand talents of silver <del>to</del> <ins>into</ins> the hands of those <del>that have</del> <ins>who do</ins> the <del>charge of the business,</del> <ins>work,</ins> to bring it into the king's <del>treasuries.</del> <ins>treasuries."</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 3:10]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>So</ins> the king took his <ins>signet</ins> ring from his <del>hand,</del> <ins>hand</ins> and gave it <del>unto Haman</del> <ins>to Haman,</ins> the son of Hammedatha the Agagite, the <del>Jews' enemy.</del> <ins>enemy of the Jews.</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 3:11]</b> And the king said <del>unto Haman, The silver is given</del> to <del>thee,</del> <ins>Haman, "The money and</ins> the people <del>also,</del> <ins>are given to you,</ins> to do with them as <del>it seemeth</del> <ins>seems</ins> good to <del>thee.</del> <ins>you."</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 3:12]</b> Then <del>were</del> the king's scribes <ins>were</ins> called on the thirteenth day of the first month, and <del>there</del> <ins>a decree</ins> was written according to all that Haman <del>had commanded unto</del> <ins>commanded--to</ins> the king's <del>lieutenants, and</del> <ins>satraps,</ins> to the governors <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> were over <del>every</del> <ins>each</ins> province, <del>and</del> to the <del>rulers</del> <ins>officials</ins> of <del>every people of</del> <ins>all people, to</ins> every province according to <del>the writing thereof,</del> <ins>its script,</ins> and to every people <del>after their language;</del> in <ins>their language. In</ins> the name of <del>king</del> <ins>King</ins> Ahasuerus <del>was</del> it <ins>was</ins> written, and sealed with the king's <ins>signet</ins> ring.</p><p><b>[Esther 3:13]</b> And the letters were sent by <del>posts</del> <ins>couriers</ins> into all the king's provinces, to destroy, to kill, and to <del>cause to perish,</del> <ins>annihilate</ins> all <ins>the</ins> Jews, both young and old, little children and women, in one day, <del>even upon</del> <ins>on</ins> the thirteenth day of the twelfth month, which is the month <ins>of</ins> Adar, and to <del>take the spoil of them for a prey.</del> <ins>plunder their possessions.</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 3:14]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>A</ins> copy of the <del>writing for a commandment</del> <ins>document was</ins> to be <del>given</del> <ins>issued as law</ins> in every <del>province was</del> <ins>province, being</ins> published <del>unto</del> <ins>for</ins> all people, that they should be ready <del>against</del> <ins>for</ins> that day.</p><p><b>[Esther 3:15]</b> The <del>posts</del> <ins>couriers</ins> went out, <del>being</del> hastened by the king's <del>commandment,</del> <ins>command;</ins> and the decree was <del>given</del> <ins>proclaimed</ins> in Shushan the <del>palace. And</del> <ins>citadel. So</ins> the king and Haman sat down to <del>drink;</del> <ins>drink,</ins> but the city <ins>of</ins> Shushan was perplexed.</p><p><b>[Esther 4:1]</b> When Mordecai <del>perceived</del> <ins>learned</ins> all that <del>was done, Mordecai rent</del> <ins>had happened, he tore</ins> his <del>clothes,</del> <ins>clothes</ins> and put on sackcloth <del>with</del> <ins>and</ins> ashes, and went out into the midst of the <del>city, and</del> <ins>city. He</ins> cried <ins>out</ins> with a loud and <del>a</del> bitter <del>cry;</del> <ins>cry.</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 4:2]</b> <del>And came even before</del> <ins>He went as far as the front of</ins> the king's <del>gate:</del> <ins>gate,</ins> for <del>none</del> <ins>no one</ins> might enter <del>into</del> the king's gate clothed with sackcloth.</p><p><b>[Esther 4:3]</b> And in every <del>province, whithersoever</del> <ins>province where</ins> the king's <del>commandment</del> <ins>command</ins> and <del>his</del> decree <del>came,</del> <ins>arrived,</ins> there was great mourning among the Jews, <del>and</del> <ins>with</ins> fasting, <del>and</del> weeping, and wailing; and many lay in sackcloth and ashes.</p><p><b>[Esther 4:4]</b> So Esther's maids and <del>her chamberlains</del> <ins>eunuchs</ins> came and told <del>it her. Then was</del> <ins>her, and</ins> the queen <del>exceedingly grieved; and</del> <ins>was deeply distressed. Then</ins> she sent <del>raiment</del> <ins>garments</ins> to clothe <del>Mordecai,</del> <ins>Mordecai</ins> and <del>to</del> take <del>away</del> his sackcloth <ins>away</ins> from <del>him:</del> <ins>him,</ins> but he <del>received it not.</del> <ins>would not accept them.</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 4:5]</b> Then <del>called</del> Esther <del>for Hatach,</del> <ins>called Hathach,</ins> one of the king's <del>chamberlains,</del> <ins>eunuchs</ins> whom he had appointed to attend <del>upon</del> her, and <ins>she</ins> gave him a <del>commandment to</del> <ins>command concerning</ins> Mordecai, to <del>know</del> <ins>learn</ins> what <del>it was,</del> and why <del>it</del> <ins>this</ins> was.</p><p><b>[Esther 4:6]</b> So <del>Hatach</del> <ins>Hathach</ins> went <del>forth</del> <ins>out</ins> to Mordecai <del>unto</del> <ins>in</ins> the <del>street of the city, which</del> <ins>city square that</ins> was <del>before</del> <ins>in front of</ins> the king's gate.</p><p><b>[Esther 4:7]</b> And Mordecai told him <del>of</del> all that had happened <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> him, and <del>of</del> the sum of <del>the</del> money that Haman had promised to pay <del>to</del> <ins>into</ins> the king's treasuries <del>for the Jews,</del> to destroy <del>them.</del> <ins>the Jews.</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 4:8]</b> <del>Also he</del> <ins>He also</ins> gave him <del>the</del> <ins>a</ins> copy of the <del>writing of the</del> <ins>written</ins> decree <del>that</del> <ins>for their destruction, which</ins> was given at <del>Shushan to destroy them, to shew</del> <ins>Shushan, that he might show</ins> it <del>unto Esther, and</del> to <del>declare</del> <ins>Esther and explain</ins> it <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> her, and <del>to charge her</del> that <del>she should</del> <ins>he might command her to</ins> go in <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>king,</del> <ins>king</ins> to make supplication <del>unto him, and</del> to <del>make request</del> <ins>him and plead</ins> before him for her people.</p><p><b>[Esther 4:9]</b> <del>And Hatach came</del> <ins>So Hathach returned</ins> and told Esther the words of Mordecai.</p><p><b>[Esther 4:10]</b> <del>Again</del> <ins>Then</ins> Esther <del>spake unto Hatach,</del> <ins>spoke to Hathach,</ins> and gave him <del>commandment unto Mordecai;</del> <ins>a command for Mordecai:</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 4:11]</b> <del>All</del> <ins>"All</ins> the king's <del>servants,</del> <ins>servants</ins> and the people of the king's <del>provinces, do know,</del> <ins>provinces know</ins> that <del>whosoever, whether</del> <ins>any</ins> man or <del>women, shall come unto the king</del> <ins>woman who goes</ins> into the inner <del>court, who is not called, there is one law of his</del> <ins>court</ins> to <ins>the king, who has not been called, he has but one law:</ins> put <del>him</del> <ins>all</ins> to death, except <del>such</del> <ins>the one</ins> to whom the king <del>shall hold</del> <ins>holds</ins> out the golden <del>sceptre,</del> <ins>scepter,</ins> that he may <del>live: but</del> <ins>live. Yet</ins> I <ins>myself</ins> have not been called to <del>come</del> <ins>go</ins> in <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the king these thirty <del>days.</del> <ins>days."</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 4:12]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>So</ins> they told <del>to</del> Mordecai Esther's words.</p><p><b>[Esther 4:13]</b> <del>Then</del> <ins>And</ins> Mordecai <del>commanded</del> <ins>told them</ins> to answer <del>Esther, Think</del> <ins>Esther: "Do</ins> not <del>with thyself</del> <ins>think in your heart</ins> that <del>thou shalt</del> <ins>you will</ins> escape in the king's <del>house,</del> <ins>palace any</ins> more than all the <ins>other</ins> Jews.</p><p><b>[Esther 4:14]</b> For if <del>thou altogether holdest thy peace</del> <ins>you remain completely silent</ins> at this time, <del>then shall there enlargement</del> <ins>relief</ins> and deliverance <ins>will</ins> arise <del>to</del> <ins>for</ins> the Jews from another <del>place;</del> <ins>place,</ins> but <del>thou</del> <ins>you</ins> and <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> father's house <del>shall be destroyed: and</del> <ins>will perish. Yet</ins> who <del>knoweth</del> <ins>knows</ins> whether <del>thou art</del> <ins>you have</ins> come to the kingdom for such a time as <del>this?</del> <ins>this?"</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 4:15]</b> Then Esther <del>bade</del> <ins>told</ins> them <del>return Mordecai this answer,</del> <ins>to reply to Mordecai:</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 4:16]</b> <del>Go,</del> <ins>"Go,</ins> gather <del>together</del> all the Jews <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> are present in Shushan, and fast <del>ye</del> for <del>me, and</del> <ins>me;</ins> neither eat nor drink <ins>for</ins> three days, night or <del>day: I also</del> <ins>day. My maids</ins> and <del>my maidens</del> <ins>I</ins> will fast <del>likewise; and</del> <ins>likewise. And</ins> so <del>will</del> I <ins>will</ins> go <del>in unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the king, which is <del>not according to</del> <ins>against</ins> the <del>law:</del> <ins>law;</ins> and if I perish, I <del>perish.</del> <ins>perish!"</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 4:17]</b> So Mordecai went his <del>way,</del> <ins>way</ins> and did according to all that Esther <del>had</del> commanded him.</p><p><b>[Esther 5:1]</b> Now it <del>came to pass</del> <ins>happened</ins> on the third <del>day,</del> <ins>day</ins> that Esther put on her royal <del>apparel,</del> <ins>robes</ins> and stood in the inner court of the king's <del>house, over against</del> <ins>palace, across from</ins> the king's <del>house: and</del> <ins>house, while</ins> the king sat <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> his royal throne in the royal house, <del>over against</del> <ins>facing</ins> the <del>gate</del> <ins>entrance</ins> of the house.</p><p><b>[Esther 5:2]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>So</ins> it <del>was so,</del> <ins>was,</ins> when the king saw <ins>Queen</ins> Esther <del>the queen</del> standing in the court, that she <del>obtained favour</del> <ins>found favor</ins> in his <del>sight:</del> <ins>sight,</ins> and the king held out to Esther the golden <del>sceptre</del> <ins>scepter</ins> that was in his hand. <del>So</del> <ins>Then</ins> Esther <del>drew near,</del> <ins>went near</ins> and touched the top of the <del>sceptre.</del> <ins>scepter.</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 5:3]</b> <del>Then said</del> <ins>And</ins> the king <del>unto</del> <ins>said to</ins> her, <del>What wilt thou, queen</del> <ins>"What do you wish, Queen</ins> Esther? <del>and what</del> <ins>What</ins> is <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> request? <del>it</del> <ins>It</ins> shall be <del>even</del> given <del>thee</del> to <del>the</del> <ins>you--up to</ins> half <del>of</del> the <del>kingdom.</del> <ins>kingdom!"</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 5:4]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>So</ins> Esther answered, <del>If</del> <ins>"If</ins> it <del>seem good unto</del> <ins>pleases</ins> the king, let the king and Haman come <del>this day unto</del> <ins>today to</ins> the banquet that I have prepared for <del>him.</del> <ins>him."</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 5:5]</b> Then the king said, <del>Cause</del> <ins>"Bring</ins> Haman <del>to make haste,</del> <ins>quickly,</ins> that he may do as Esther <del>hath said.</del> <ins>has said."</ins> So the king and Haman <del>came</del> <ins>went</ins> to the banquet that Esther had prepared.</p><p><b>[Esther 5:6]</b> <del>And the king said unto Esther at</del> <ins>At</ins> the banquet of <del>wine, What</del> <ins>wine the king said to Esther, "What</ins> is <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> petition? <del>and it</del> <ins>It</ins> shall be granted <del>thee: and what</del> <ins>you. What</ins> is <del>thy request? even</del> <ins>your request, up</ins> to <del>the</del> half <del>of</del> the <del>kingdom it</del> <ins>kingdom? It</ins> shall be <del>performed.</del> <ins>done!"</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 5:7]</b> Then <ins>Esther</ins> answered <del>Esther,</del> and said, <del>My</del> <ins>"My</ins> petition and <del>my</del> request <del>is;</del> <ins>is this:</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 5:8]</b> If I have found <del>favour</del> <ins>favor</ins> in the sight of the king, and if it <del>please</del> <ins>pleases</ins> the king to grant my <del>petition,</del> <ins>petition</ins> and <del>to perform</del> <ins>fulfill</ins> my request, <ins>then</ins> let the king and Haman come to the banquet <del>that</del> <ins>which</ins> I <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> prepare for them, and <ins>tomorrow</ins> I will do <del>to morrow</del> as the king <del>hath said.</del> <ins>has said."</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 5:9]</b> <del>Then went</del> <ins>So</ins> Haman <del>forth</del> <ins>went out</ins> that day joyful and with a glad <del>heart:</del> <ins>heart;</ins> but when Haman saw Mordecai in the king's gate, <ins>and</ins> that he <del>stood</del> <ins>did</ins> not <del>up, nor moved for</del> <ins>stand or tremble before</ins> him, he was <del>full of</del> <ins>filled with</ins> indignation against Mordecai.</p><p><b>[Esther 5:10]</b> Nevertheless Haman <del>refrained himself:</del> <ins>restrained himself</ins> and <del>when he came</del> <ins>went</ins> home, <ins>and</ins> he sent and called for his <del>friends,</del> <ins>friends</ins> and <del>Zeresh</del> his <del>wife.</del> <ins>wife Zeresh.</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 5:11]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> Haman told them of <del>the glory of</del> his <ins>great</ins> riches, <del>and</del> the multitude of his children, <del>and all the things wherein</del> <ins>everything in which</ins> the king had promoted him, and how he had advanced him above the <del>princes</del> <ins>officials</ins> and servants of the king.</p><p><b>[Esther 5:12]</b> <ins>Moreover</ins> Haman <del>said moreover, Yea,</del> <ins>said, "Besides, Queen</ins> Esther <del>the queen did let</del> <ins>invited</ins> no <del>man</del> <ins>one but me to</ins> come in with the king <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the banquet that she <del>had prepared but myself;</del> <ins>prepared;</ins> and <del>to morrow am</del> <ins>tomorrow</ins> I <ins>am again</ins> invited <del>unto her also</del> <ins>by her, along</ins> with the king.</p><p><b>[Esther 5:13]</b> Yet all this <del>availeth</del> <ins>avails</ins> me nothing, so long as I see Mordecai the Jew sitting at the king's <del>gate.</del> <ins>gate."</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 5:14]</b> Then <del>said Zeresh</del> his wife <ins>Zeresh</ins> and all his friends <del>unto</del> <ins>said to</ins> him, <del>Let</del> <ins>"Let</ins> a gallows be <del>made of</del> <ins>made,</ins> fifty cubits high, and <ins>in the morning suggest</ins> to <del>morrow speak thou unto</del> the king that Mordecai <del>may</del> be hanged <del>thereon:</del> <ins>on it;</ins> then go <del>thou in</del> merrily with the king <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>banquet.</del> <ins>banquet."</ins> And the thing pleased Haman; <del>and</del> <ins>so</ins> he <del>caused</del> <ins>had</ins> the gallows <del>to be</del> made.</p><p><b>[Esther 6:1]</b> <del>On that</del> <ins>That</ins> night <del>could not</del> the king <del>sleep, and he</del> <ins>could not sleep. So one was</ins> commanded to bring the book of <ins>the</ins> records of the chronicles; and they were read before the king.</p><p><b>[Esther 6:2]</b> And it was found <del>written,</del> <ins>written</ins> that Mordecai had told of Bigthana and Teresh, two of the king's <del>chamberlains,</del> <ins>eunuchs,</ins> the <del>keepers of the door,</del> <ins>doorkeepers</ins> who <ins>had</ins> sought to lay <del>hand</del> <ins>hands</ins> on <del>the king</del> <ins>King</ins> Ahasuerus.</p><p><b>[Esther 6:3]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> the king said, <del>What honour and</del> <ins>"What honor or</ins> dignity <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> been <del>done to</del> <ins>bestowed on</ins> Mordecai for <del>this? Then said</del> <ins>this?" And</ins> the king's servants <del>that ministered unto him, There is nothing</del> <ins>who attended him said, "Nothing has been</ins> done for <del>him.</del> <ins>him."</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 6:4]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>So</ins> the king said, <del>Who</del> <ins>"Who</ins> is in the <del>court?</del> <ins>court?"</ins> Now Haman <del>was come into</del> <ins>had just entered</ins> the <del>outward</del> <ins>outer</ins> court of the king's <del>house,</del> <ins>palace</ins> to <del>speak unto</del> <ins>suggest that</ins> the king <del>to</del> hang Mordecai on the gallows that he had prepared for him.</p><p><b>[Esther 6:5]</b> <del>And the</del> <ins>The</ins> king's servants said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> him, <del>Behold, Haman standeth</del> <ins>"Haman is there, standing</ins> in the <del>court.</del> <ins>court."</ins> And the king said, <del>Let</del> <ins>"Let</ins> him come <del>in.</del> <ins>in."</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 6:6]</b> So Haman came <del>in. And</del> <ins>in, and</ins> the king <del>said unto</del> <ins>asked</ins> him, <del>What</del> <ins>"What</ins> shall be done <del>unto</del> <ins>for</ins> the man whom the king <del>delighteth</del> <ins>delights</ins> to <del>honour?</del> <ins>honor?"</ins> Now Haman thought in his heart, <del>To whom</del> <ins>"Whom</ins> would the king delight to <del>do honour</del> <ins>honor</ins> more than <del>to myself?</del> <ins>me?"</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 6:7]</b> And Haman answered the king, <del>For</del> <ins>"For</ins> the man whom the king <del>delighteth</del> <ins>delights</ins> to <del>honour,</del> <ins>honor,</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 6:8]</b> <del>Let the</del> <ins>let a</ins> royal <del>apparel</del> <ins>robe</ins> be brought which the king <del>useth to wear,</del> <ins>has worn,</ins> and <del>the</del> <ins>a</ins> horse <del>that</del> <ins>on which</ins> the king <del>rideth upon, and the crown royal</del> <ins>has ridden,</ins> which <del>is set upon his head:</del> <ins>has a royal crest placed on its head.</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 6:9]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> let this <del>apparel</del> <ins>robe</ins> and horse be delivered to the hand of one of the king's most noble princes, that <del>they</del> <ins>he</ins> may array the man <del>withal</del> whom the king <del>delighteth</del> <ins>delights</ins> to <del>honour, and bring</del> <ins>honor. Then parade</ins> him on horseback through the <del>street of the city,</del> <ins>city square,</ins> and proclaim before <del>him, Thus</del> <ins>him: "Thus</ins> shall it be done to the man whom the king <del>delighteth</del> <ins>delights</ins> to <del>honour.</del> <ins>honor!'|"</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 6:10]</b> Then the king said to Haman, <del>Make haste, and</del> <ins>"Hurry,</ins> take the <del>apparel</del> <ins>robe</ins> and the horse, as <del>thou hast said,</del> <ins>you have suggested,</ins> and do <del>even</del> so <del>to</del> <ins>for</ins> Mordecai the <del>Jew, that sitteth at</del> <ins>Jew who sits within</ins> the king's <del>gate: let</del> <ins>gate! Leave</ins> nothing <del>fail</del> <ins>undone</ins> of all that <del>thou hast spoken.</del> <ins>you have spoken."</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 6:11]</b> <del>Then took</del> <ins>So</ins> Haman <ins>took</ins> the <del>apparel</del> <ins>robe</ins> and the horse, <del>and</del> arrayed <del>Mordecai,</del> <ins>Mordecai</ins> and <del>brought</del> <ins>led</ins> him on horseback through the <del>street of the city,</del> <ins>city square,</ins> and proclaimed before him, <del>Thus</del> <ins>"Thus</ins> shall it be done <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the man whom the king <del>delighteth</del> <ins>delights</ins> to <del>honour.</del> <ins>honor!"</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 6:12]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Afterward</ins> Mordecai <del>came again</del> <ins>went back</ins> to the king's gate. But Haman <del>hasted</del> <ins>hurried</ins> to his <del>house mourning,</del> <ins>house, mourning</ins> and <del>having</del> <ins>with</ins> his head covered.</p><p><b>[Esther 6:13]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>When</ins> Haman told <del>Zeresh</del> his wife <ins>Zeresh</ins> and all his friends <del>every thing</del> <ins>everything</ins> that had <del>befallen him. Then said</del> <ins>happened to him,</ins> his wise men and <del>Zeresh</del> his wife <del>unto</del> <ins>Zeresh said to</ins> him, <del>If Mordecai be of the seed of the Jews,</del> <ins>"If Mordecai,</ins> before whom <del>thou hast</del> <ins>you have</ins> begun to fall, <del>thou shalt</del> <ins>is of Jewish descent, you will</ins> not prevail against <del>him,</del> <ins>him</ins> but <del>shalt</del> <ins>will</ins> surely fall before <del>him.</del> <ins>him."</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 6:14]</b> <del>And while</del> <ins>While</ins> they were <del>yet</del> <ins>still</ins> talking with him, <del>came</del> the king's <del>chamberlains,</del> <ins>eunuchs came,</ins> and <del>hasted</del> <ins>hastened</ins> to bring Haman <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the banquet <del>that</del> <ins>which</ins> Esther had prepared.</p><p><b>[Esther 7:1]</b> So the king and Haman <del>came</del> <ins>went</ins> to <del>banquet</del> <ins>dine</ins> with <del>Esther the queen.</del> <ins>Queen Esther.</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 7:2]</b> And <del>the king said again unto Esther</del> on the second <del>day</del> <ins>day,</ins> at the banquet of wine, <del>What</del> <ins>the king again said to Esther, "What</ins> is <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> petition, <del>queen</del> <ins>Queen</ins> Esther? <del>and it</del> <ins>It</ins> shall be granted <del>thee: and</del> <ins>you. And</ins> what is <del>thy request? and it</del> <ins>your request, up to half the kingdom? It</ins> shall be <del>performed, even to the half of the kingdom.</del> <ins>done!"</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 7:3]</b> Then <ins>Queen</ins> Esther <del>the queen</del> answered and said, <del>If</del> <ins>"If</ins> I have found <del>favour</del> <ins>favor</ins> in <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> sight, O king, and if it <del>please</del> <ins>pleases</ins> the king, let my life be given me at my petition, and my people at my <del>request:</del> <ins>request.</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 7:4]</b> For we <del>are</del> <ins>have been</ins> sold, <del>I and</del> my <del>people,</del> <ins>people and I,</ins> to be destroyed, to be <del>slain,</del> <ins>killed,</ins> and to <del>perish. But if</del> <ins>be annihilated. Had</ins> we <del>had</del> been sold <del>for bondmen</del> <ins>as male</ins> and <del>bondwomen,</del> <ins>female slaves,</ins> I <del>had</del> <ins>would have</ins> held my tongue, although the enemy could <del>not countervail</del> <ins>never compensate for</ins> the king's <del>damage.</del> <ins>loss."</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 7:5]</b> <del>Then the king</del> <ins>So King</ins> Ahasuerus answered and said <del>unto Esther the queen, Who</del> <ins>to Queen Esther, "Who</ins> is he, and where is he, <del>that durst</del> <ins>who would dare</ins> presume in his heart to do <del>so?</del> <ins>such a thing?"</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 7:6]</b> And Esther said, <del>The</del> <ins>"The</ins> adversary and enemy is this wicked <del>Haman. Then</del> <ins>Haman!" So</ins> Haman was <del>afraid</del> <ins>terrified</ins> before the king and <del>the</del> queen.</p><p><b>[Esther 7:7]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> the king <del>arising</del> <ins>arose in his wrath</ins> from the banquet of wine <del>in his wrath</del> <ins>and</ins> went into the palace <del>garden: and</del> <ins>garden; but</ins> Haman stood <del>up to make request</del> <ins>before Queen Esther, pleading</ins> for his <del>life to Esther the queen;</del> <ins>life,</ins> for he saw that <del>there was</del> evil <ins>was</ins> determined against him by the king.</p><p><b>[Esther 7:8]</b> <del>Then</del> <ins>When</ins> the king returned <del>out of</del> <ins>from</ins> the palace garden <del>into</del> <ins>to</ins> the place of the banquet of <del>wine; and</del> <ins>wine,</ins> Haman <del>was</del> <ins>had</ins> fallen <del>upon</del> <ins>across</ins> the <del>bed whereon</del> <ins>couch where</ins> Esther was. Then <del>said</del> the <del>king, Will</del> <ins>king said, "Will</ins> he <del>force</del> <ins>also assault</ins> the queen <del>also before me</del> <ins>while I am</ins> in the <del>house?</del> <ins>house?"</ins> As the word <del>went out of</del> <ins>left the</ins> king's mouth, they covered Haman's face.</p><p><b>[Esther 7:9]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Now</ins> Harbonah, one of the <del>chamberlains,</del> <ins>eunuchs,</ins> said <del>before</del> <ins>to</ins> the king, <del>Behold also, the gallows</del> <ins>"Look! The gallows,</ins> fifty cubits high, which Haman <del>had</del> made for Mordecai, who <del>spoken</del> <ins>spoke</ins> good <del>for</del> <ins>on</ins> the <del>king, standeth in</del> <ins>king's behalf, is standing at</ins> the house of <del>Haman.</del> <ins>Haman."</ins> Then the king said, <del>Hang</del> <ins>"Hang</ins> him <del>thereon.</del> <ins>on it!"</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 7:10]</b> So they hanged Haman on the gallows that he had prepared for Mordecai. Then <del>was</del> the king's wrath <del>pacified.</del> <ins>subsided.</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 8:1]</b> On that day <del>did the king</del> <ins>King</ins> Ahasuerus <del>give</del> <ins>gave Queen Esther</ins> the house of <del>Haman</del> <ins>Haman,</ins> the <del>Jews'</del> enemy <del>unto Esther</del> <ins>of</ins> the <del>queen.</del> <ins>Jews.</ins> And Mordecai came before the <del>king;</del> <ins>king,</ins> for Esther had told <del>what</del> <ins>how</ins> he was <del>unto</del> <ins>related to</ins> her.</p><p><b>[Esther 8:2]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>So</ins> the king took off his <ins>signet</ins> ring, which he had taken from Haman, and gave it <del>unto Mordecai. And</del> <ins>to Mordecai; and</ins> Esther <del>set</del> <ins>appointed</ins> Mordecai over the house of Haman.</p><p><b>[Esther 8:3]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Now</ins> Esther <del>spake yet</del> <ins>spoke</ins> again <del>before</del> <ins>to</ins> the king, <del>and</del> fell down at his feet, and <del>besought</del> <ins>implored</ins> him with tears to <del>put away</del> <ins>counteract</ins> the <del>mischief</del> <ins>evil</ins> of Haman the Agagite, and <del>his device that</del> <ins>the scheme which</ins> he had devised against the Jews.</p><p><b>[Esther 8:4]</b> <del>Then</del> <ins>And</ins> the king held out the golden <del>sceptre</del> <ins>scepter</ins> toward Esther. So Esther <del>arose,</del> <ins>arose</ins> and stood before the king,</p><p><b>[Esther 8:5]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> said, <del>If</del> <ins>"If</ins> it <del>please</del> <ins>pleases</ins> the king, and if I have <del>favour</del> <ins>found favor</ins> in his <del>sight,</del> <ins>sight</ins> and the thing <del>seem</del> <ins>seems</ins> right <del>before</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>king,</del> <ins>king</ins> and I <del>be</del> <ins>am</ins> pleasing in his eyes, let it be written to <del>reverse</del> <ins>revoke</ins> the letters devised by <del>Haman</del> <ins>Haman,</ins> the son of Hammedatha the Agagite, which he wrote to <del>destroy</del> <ins>annihilate</ins> the Jews <del>which</del> <ins>who</ins> are in all the king's <del>provinces:</del> <ins>provinces.</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 8:6]</b> For how can I endure to see the evil that <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> come <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> my people? <del>or</del> <ins>Or</ins> how can I endure to see the destruction of my <del>kindred?</del> <ins>countrymen?"</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 8:7]</b> Then <del>the king</del> <ins>King</ins> Ahasuerus said <del>unto Esther the queen and</del> to <ins>Queen Esther and</ins> Mordecai the Jew, <del>Behold,</del> <ins>"Indeed,</ins> I have given Esther the house of Haman, and <del>him</del> they have hanged <del>upon</del> <ins>him on</ins> the <del>gallows,</del> <ins>gallows</ins> because he <del>laid</del> <ins>tried to lay</ins> his hand <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> the Jews.</p><p><b>[Esther 8:8]</b> <del>Write ye also for</del> <ins>You yourselves write a decree concerning</ins> the Jews, as <del>it liketh you,</del> <ins>you please,</ins> in the king's name, and seal it with the king's <del>ring:</del> <ins>signet ring;</ins> for <del>the writing which</del> <ins>whatever</ins> is written in the king's <del>name,</del> <ins>name</ins> and sealed with the king's <del>ring, may</del> <ins>signet ring</ins> no <del>man reverse.</del> <ins>one can revoke."</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 8:9]</b> <del>Then were</del> <ins>So</ins> the king's scribes <ins>were</ins> called at that <del>time</del> <ins>time,</ins> in the third month, <del>that is,</del> <ins>which is</ins> the month <ins>of</ins> Sivan, on the <del>three and twentieth day thereof;</del> <ins>twenty-third day;</ins> and it was <del>written</del> <ins>written,</ins> according to all that Mordecai <del>commanded unto the Jews, and</del> <ins>commanded,</ins> to the <del>lieutenants,</del> <ins>Jews, the satraps, the governors,</ins> and the <del>deputies and rulers</del> <ins>princes</ins> of the provinces <del>which are</del> from India <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> Ethiopia, <del>an</del> <ins>one</ins> hundred <del>twenty</del> and <del>seven provinces, unto</del> <ins>twenty-seven provinces in all, to</ins> every province <del>according</del> <ins>in its own script,</ins> to <del>the writing thereof, and unto</del> every people <del>after</del> <ins>in</ins> their <ins>own</ins> language, and to the Jews <del>according to</del> <ins>in</ins> their <del>writing,</del> <ins>own script</ins> and <del>according to their</del> language.</p><p><b>[Esther 8:10]</b> And he wrote in the <del>king Ahasuerus' name, and</del> <ins>name of King Ahasuerus,</ins> sealed it with the king's <ins>signet</ins> ring, and sent letters by <del>posts</del> <ins>couriers</ins> on horseback, <del>and riders</del> <ins>riding</ins> on <del>mules, camels, and young dromedaries:</del> <ins>royal horses bred from swift steeds.</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 8:11]</b> <del>Wherein</del> <ins>By these letters</ins> the king <del>granted</del> <ins>permitted</ins> the Jews <del>which</del> <ins>who</ins> were in every city to gather <del>themselves together,</del> <ins>together</ins> and <del>to stand for</del> <ins>protect</ins> their <del>life, to</del> <ins>lives--to</ins> destroy, <del>to slay</del> <ins>kill,</ins> and <del>to cause to perish,</del> <ins>annihilate</ins> all the <del>power</del> <ins>forces</ins> of <del>the</del> <ins>any</ins> people <del>and</del> <ins>or</ins> province that would assault them, both little <del>ones</del> <ins>children</ins> and women, and to <del>take the spoil of them for a prey,</del> <ins>plunder their possessions,</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 8:12]</b> <del>Upon</del> <ins>on</ins> one day in all the provinces of <del>king</del> <ins>King</ins> Ahasuerus, <del>namely, upon</del> <ins>on</ins> the thirteenth day of the twelfth month, which is the month <ins>of</ins> Adar.</p><p><b>[Esther 8:13]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>A</ins> copy of the <del>writing for a commandment</del> <ins>document was</ins> to be <del>given</del> <ins>issued as a decree</ins> in every province <del>was</del> <ins>and</ins> published <del>unto</del> <ins>for</ins> all people, <del>and</del> <ins>so</ins> that the Jews <del>should</del> <ins>would</ins> be ready <del>against</del> <ins>on</ins> that day to avenge themselves on their enemies.</p><p><b>[Esther 8:14]</b> <del>So the posts that</del> <ins>The couriers who</ins> rode <del>upon mules and camels</del> <ins>on royal horses</ins> went out, <del>being</del> hastened and pressed on by the king's <del>commandment.</del> <ins>command.</ins> And the decree was <del>given at</del> <ins>issued in</ins> Shushan the <del>palace.</del> <ins>citadel.</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 8:15]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>So</ins> Mordecai went out from the presence of the king in royal apparel of blue and white, <del>and</del> with a great crown of <del>gold,</del> <ins>gold</ins> and <del>with</del> a garment of fine linen and <del>purple:</del> <ins>purple;</ins> and the city of Shushan rejoiced and was glad.</p><p><b>[Esther 8:16]</b> The Jews had <del>light,</del> <ins>light</ins> and gladness, <ins>joy</ins> and <del>joy, and honour.</del> <ins>honor.</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 8:17]</b> And in every <del>province,</del> <ins>province</ins> and <del>in every</del> city, <del>whithersoever</del> <ins>wherever</ins> the king's <del>commandment</del> <ins>command</ins> and <del>his</del> decree came, the Jews had joy and gladness, a feast and a <del>good day. And</del> <ins>holiday. Then</ins> many of the people of the land became <del>Jews; for the</del> <ins>Jews, because</ins> fear of the Jews fell upon them.</p><p><b>[Esther 9:1]</b> Now in the twelfth month, that is, the month <ins>of</ins> Adar, on the thirteenth <del>day of</del> <ins>day,</ins> the <del>same, when</del> <ins>time came for</ins> the king's <del>commandment</del> <ins>command</ins> and his decree <del>drew near</del> to be <del>put in execution, in</del> <ins>executed. On</ins> the day that the enemies of the Jews <ins>had</ins> hoped to <del>have power over</del> <ins>overpower</ins> them, <del>(though it was turned to</del> the <del>contrary,</del> <ins>opposite occurred, in</ins> that the Jews <del>had rule over them that</del> <ins>themselves overpowered those who</ins> hated <del>them;)</del> <ins>them.</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 9:2]</b> The Jews gathered <del>themselves</del> together in their cities throughout all the provinces of <del>the king Ahasuerus,</del> <ins>King Ahasuerus</ins> to lay <del>hand</del> <ins>hands</ins> on <del>such as</del> <ins>those who</ins> sought their <del>hurt: and</del> <ins>harm. And</ins> no <del>man</del> <ins>one</ins> could withstand <del>them; for the</del> <ins>them, because</ins> fear of them fell upon all people.</p><p><b>[Esther 9:3]</b> And all the <del>rulers</del> <ins>officials</ins> of the provinces, <del>and</del> the <del>lieutenants, and</del> <ins>satraps,</ins> the <del>deputies,</del> <ins>governors,</ins> and <del>officers of</del> <ins>all those doing</ins> the <del>king,</del> <ins>king's work,</ins> helped the <del>Jews;</del> <ins>Jews,</ins> because the fear of Mordecai fell upon them.</p><p><b>[Esther 9:4]</b> For Mordecai was great in the king's <del>house,</del> <ins>palace,</ins> and his fame <del>went out</del> <ins>spread</ins> throughout all the <del>provinces:</del> <ins>provinces;</ins> for this man Mordecai <del>waxed greater and greater.</del> <ins>became increasingly prominent.</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 9:5]</b> Thus the Jews <del>smote</del> <ins>defeated</ins> all their enemies with the stroke of the sword, <del>and slaughter,</del> <ins>with slaughter</ins> and destruction, and did what they <del>would unto</del> <ins>pleased with</ins> those <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> hated them.</p><p><b>[Esther 9:6]</b> And in Shushan the <del>palace</del> <ins>citadel</ins> the Jews <del>slew</del> <ins>killed</ins> and destroyed five hundred men.</p><p><b>[Esther 9:7]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Also</ins> Parshandatha, <del>and</del> Dalphon, <del>and</del> Aspatha,</p><p><b>[Esther 9:8]</b> <del>And</del> Poratha, <del>and</del> Adalia, <del>and</del> Aridatha,</p><p><b>[Esther 9:9]</b> <del>And</del> Parmashta, <del>and</del> Arisai, <del>and</del> Aridai, and <del>Vajezatha,</del> <ins>Vajezatha--</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 9:10]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>the</ins> ten sons of Haman the son of Hammedatha, the enemy of the <del>Jews, slew they;</del> <ins>Jews--they killed;</ins> but <ins>they did not lay a hand</ins> on the <del>spoil laid they not their hand.</del> <ins>plunder.</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 9:11]</b> On that day the number of those <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> were <del>slain</del> <ins>killed</ins> in Shushan the <del>palace</del> <ins>citadel</ins> was brought <del>before</del> <ins>to</ins> the king.</p><p><b>[Esther 9:12]</b> And the king said <del>unto Esther the queen, The</del> <ins>to Queen Esther, "The</ins> Jews have <del>slain</del> <ins>killed</ins> and destroyed five hundred men in Shushan the <del>palace,</del> <ins>citadel,</ins> and the ten sons of <del>Haman; what</del> <ins>Haman. What</ins> have they done in the rest of the king's provinces? <del>now</del> <ins>Now</ins> what is <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> petition? <del>and it</del> <ins>It</ins> shall be granted <del>thee: or</del> <ins>to you. Or</ins> what is <del>thy request further? and it</del> <ins>your further request? It</ins> shall be <del>done.</del> <ins>done."</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 9:13]</b> Then <del>said Esther, If</del> <ins>Esther said, "If</ins> it <del>please</del> <ins>pleases</ins> the king, let it be granted to the Jews <del>which</del> <ins>who</ins> are in Shushan to do <del>to morrow also</del> <ins>again tomorrow</ins> according <del>unto this day's</del> <ins>to today's</ins> decree, and let Haman's ten sons be hanged <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> the <del>gallows.</del> <ins>gallows."</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 9:14]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>So</ins> the king commanded <del>it so</del> <ins>this</ins> to be <del>done: and</del> <ins>done;</ins> the decree was <del>given at Shushan;</del> <ins>issued in Shushan,</ins> and they hanged Haman's ten sons.</p><p><b>[Esther 9:15]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>And</ins> the Jews <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> were in Shushan gathered <del>themselves</del> together <ins>again</ins> on the fourteenth day <del>also</del> of the month <del>Adar,</del> <ins>of Adar</ins> and <del>slew</del> <ins>killed</ins> three hundred men at Shushan; but <ins>they did not lay a hand</ins> on the <del>prey they laid not their hand.</del> <ins>plunder.</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 9:16]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>The remainder of</ins> the <del>other</del> Jews <del>that were</del> in the king's provinces gathered <del>themselves together,</del> <ins>together</ins> and <del>stood for</del> <ins>protected</ins> their lives, <del>and</del> had rest from their enemies, and <del>slew</del> <ins>killed seventy-five thousand</ins> of their <del>foes seventy and five thousand,</del> <ins>enemies;</ins> but they <del>laid</del> <ins>did</ins> not <del>their hands</del> <ins>lay a hand</ins> on the <del>prey,</del> <ins>plunder.</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 9:17]</b> <del>On</del> <ins>This was on</ins> the thirteenth day of the month <del>Adar; and</del> <ins>of Adar. And</ins> on the fourteenth <del>day</del> of the <del>same</del> <ins>month they</ins> rested <del>they,</del> and made it a day of feasting and gladness.</p><p><b>[Esther 9:18]</b> But the Jews <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> were at Shushan assembled together on the thirteenth <del>day thereof, and</del> <ins>day, as well as</ins> on the <del>fourteenth thereof;</del> <ins>fourteenth;</ins> and on the fifteenth <del>day</del> of the <del>same</del> <ins>month</ins> they rested, and made it a day of feasting and gladness.</p><p><b>[Esther 9:19]</b> Therefore the Jews of the <del>villages, that</del> <ins>villages who</ins> dwelt in the unwalled <del>towns, made</del> <ins>towns celebrated</ins> the fourteenth day of the month <del>Adar a day</del> of <ins>Adar with</ins> gladness and feasting, <del>and</del> <ins>as</ins> a <del>good day,</del> <ins>holiday,</ins> and <del>of</del> <ins>for</ins> sending <del>portions one</del> <ins>presents</ins> to <ins>one</ins> another.</p><p><b>[Esther 9:20]</b> And Mordecai wrote these <del>things,</del> <ins>things</ins> and sent letters <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> all the <del>Jews that</del> <ins>Jews, near and far, who</ins> were in all the provinces of <del>the king</del> <ins>King</ins> Ahasuerus, <del>both nigh and far,</del></p><p><b>[Esther 9:21]</b> <del>To stablish this</del> <ins>to establish</ins> among <del>them,</del> <ins>them</ins> that they should <del>keep</del> <ins>celebrate yearly</ins> the fourteenth <del>day</del> <ins>and fifteenth days</ins> of the month <del>Adar, and the fifteenth day</del> of <del>the same, yearly,</del> <ins>Adar,</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 9:22]</b> <del>As</del> <ins>as</ins> the days <del>wherein</del> <ins>on which</ins> the Jews <del>rested</del> <ins>had rest</ins> from their enemies, <del>and</del> <ins>as</ins> the month which was turned <del>unto them</del> from sorrow to <del>joy,</del> <ins>joy for them,</ins> and from mourning <del>into</del> <ins>to</ins> a <del>good day:</del> <ins>holiday;</ins> that they should make them days of feasting and joy, <del>and</del> of sending <del>portions one</del> <ins>presents</ins> to <del>another,</del> <ins>one another</ins> and gifts to the poor.</p><p><b>[Esther 9:23]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>So</ins> the Jews <del>undertook to do as</del> <ins>accepted the custom which</ins> they had begun, <del>and</del> as Mordecai had written <del>unto them;</del> <ins>to them,</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 9:24]</b> <del>Because Haman</del> <ins>because Haman,</ins> the son of <del>Hammedatha,</del> <ins>Hammedatha</ins> the Agagite, the enemy of all the Jews, had <del>devised</del> <ins>plotted</ins> against the Jews to <del>destroy</del> <ins>annihilate</ins> them, and had cast <del>Pur, that</del> <ins>Pur (that</ins> is, the <del>lot,</del> <ins>lot),</ins> to consume <del>them,</del> <ins>them</ins> and <del>to</del> destroy them;</p><p><b>[Esther 9:25]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>but</ins> when Esther came before the king, he commanded by <del>letters</del> <ins>letter</ins> that <del>his</del> <ins>this</ins> wicked <del>device,</del> <ins>plot</ins> which <del>he</del> <ins>Haman had</ins> devised against the <del>Jews,</del> <ins>Jews</ins> should return <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> his own head, and that he and his sons should be hanged on the gallows.</p><p><b>[Esther 9:26]</b> <del>Wherefore</del> <ins>So</ins> they called these days <del>Purim</del> <ins>Purim,</ins> after the name <del>of</del> Pur. <del>Therefore for</del> <ins>Therefore, because of</ins> all the words of this letter, <del>and of that which</del> <ins>what</ins> they had seen concerning this matter, and <del>which</del> <ins>what</ins> had <del>come unto</del> <ins>happened to</ins> them,</p><p><b>[Esther 9:27]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>the</ins> Jews <del>ordained,</del> <ins>established</ins> and <del>took upon them, and upon their seed, and upon all such as joined themselves unto them, so as</del> <ins>imposed</ins> it <del>should not fail, that they</del> <ins>upon themselves and their descendants and all who</ins> would <del>keep</del> <ins>join them, that without fail they should celebrate</ins> these two days <ins>every year,</ins> according to <del>their writing,</del> <ins>the written instructions</ins> and according to <del>their appointed time every year;</del> <ins>the prescribed time,</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 9:28]</b> <del>And</del> that these days should be remembered and kept throughout every generation, every family, every province, and every <del>city; and</del> <ins>city,</ins> that these days of Purim should not fail <del>from</del> <ins>to be observed</ins> among the Jews, <del>nor</del> <ins>and that</ins> the <del>memorial</del> <ins>memory</ins> of them <ins>should not</ins> perish <del>from</del> <ins>among</ins> their <del>seed.</del> <ins>descendants.</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 9:29]</b> Then <del>Esther the queen,</del> <ins>Queen Esther,</ins> the daughter of Abihail, <del>and</del> <ins>with</ins> Mordecai the Jew, wrote with <del>all authority,</del> <ins>full authority</ins> to confirm this second letter <del>of</del> <ins>about</ins> Purim.</p><p><b>[Esther 9:30]</b> And <del>he</del> <ins>Mordecai</ins> sent <del>the</del> letters <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> all the Jews, to the <ins>one</ins> hundred <del>twenty</del> and <del>seven</del> <ins>twenty-seven</ins> provinces of the kingdom of Ahasuerus, with words of peace and truth,</p><p><b>[Esther 9:31]</b> <del>To</del> <ins>to</ins> confirm these days of Purim <del>in</del> <ins>at</ins> their <del>times appointed, according</del> <ins>appointed time,</ins> as Mordecai the Jew and <ins>Queen</ins> Esther <del>the queen</del> had <del>enjoined</del> <ins>prescribed for</ins> them, and as they had decreed for themselves and <del>for</del> their <del>seed, the</del> <ins>descendants concerning</ins> matters of <del>the fastings and</del> their <del>cry.</del> <ins>fasting and lamenting.</ins></p><p><b>[Esther 9:32]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>So</ins> the decree of Esther confirmed these matters of <del>Purim;</del> <ins>Purim,</ins> and it was written in the book.</p><p><b>[Esther 10:1]</b> And <del>the king</del> <ins>King</ins> Ahasuerus <del>laid a</del> <ins>imposed</ins> tribute <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> the <del>land,</del> <ins>land</ins> and <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> the <del>isles</del> <ins>islands</ins> of the sea.</p><p><b>[Esther 10:2]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Now</ins> all the acts of his power and <del>of</del> his might, and the <del>declaration</del> <ins>account</ins> of the greatness of Mordecai, <del>whereunto</del> <ins>to which</ins> the king advanced him, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Media and Persia?</p><p><b>[Esther 10:3]</b> For Mordecai the Jew was <del>next unto king</del> <ins>second to King</ins> Ahasuerus, and <ins>was</ins> great among the <del>Jews,</del> <ins>Jews</ins> and <del>accepted of</del> <ins>well received by</ins> the multitude of his brethren, seeking the <del>wealth</del> <ins>good</ins> of his <del>people,</del> <ins>people</ins> and speaking peace to all his <del>seed.</del> <ins>countrymen.</ins></p>