<p><b>[Ezra 1:1]</b> Now in the first year of Cyrus king of Persia, that the word of the LORD by the mouth of Jeremiah might be fulfilled, the LORD stirred up the spirit of Cyrus king of Persia, <ins>so</ins> that he made a proclamation throughout all his kingdom, and <ins>also</ins> put it <del>also</del> in writing, saying,</p><p><b>[Ezra 1:2]</b> Thus <del>saith</del> <ins>says</ins> Cyrus king of <del>Persia, The LORD God of heaven hath given me all</del> <ins>Persia: All</ins> the kingdoms of the <del>earth; and he hath charged</del> <ins>earth the LORD God of heaven has given me. And He has commanded</ins> me to build <del>him an</del> <ins>Him a</ins> house at <del>Jerusalem,</del> <ins>Jerusalem</ins> which is in Judah.</p><p><b>[Ezra 1:3]</b> Who is <del>there</del> among you of all <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> people? <ins>May</ins> his God be with him, and let him go up to <del>Jerusalem,</del> <ins>Jerusalem</ins> which is in Judah, and build the house of the LORD God of <del>Israel, (he</del> <ins>Israel (He</ins> is <del>the God,)</del> <ins>God),</ins> which is in Jerusalem.</p><p><b>[Ezra 1:4]</b> And <del>whosoever remaineth</del> <ins>whoever is left</ins> in any place where he <del>sojourneth,</del> <ins>dwells,</ins> let the men of his place help him with <del>silver,</del> <ins>silver</ins> and <del>with</del> gold, <del>and</del> with <del>goods,</del> <ins>goods</ins> and <del>with beasts, beside</del> <ins>livestock, besides</ins> the freewill <del>offering</del> <ins>offerings</ins> for the house of God <del>that</del> <ins>which</ins> is in Jerusalem.</p><p><b>[Ezra 1:5]</b> Then <del>rose up</del> the <del>chief</del> <ins>heads</ins> of the <del>fathers</del> <ins>fathers' houses</ins> of Judah and Benjamin, and the <del>priests,</del> <ins>priests</ins> and the Levites, with all <del>them</del> whose <del>spirit</del> <ins>spirits</ins> God had <del>raised,</del> <ins>moved, arose</ins> to go up <del>to</del> <ins>and</ins> build the house of the LORD which is in Jerusalem.</p><p><b>[Ezra 1:6]</b> And all <del>they that</del> <ins>those who</ins> were <del>about</del> <ins>around</ins> them <del>strengthened their hands</del> <ins>encouraged them</ins> with <del>vessels</del> <ins>articles</ins> of <del>silver, with</del> <ins>silver and</ins> gold, with <del>goods,</del> <ins>goods</ins> and <del>with beasts,</del> <ins>livestock,</ins> and with precious things, <del>beside</del> <ins>besides</ins> all that was willingly offered.</p><p><b>[Ezra 1:7]</b> <del>Also</del> <ins>King</ins> Cyrus <del>the king</del> <ins>also</ins> brought <del>forth</del> <ins>out</ins> the <del>vessels</del> <ins>articles</ins> of the house of the LORD, which Nebuchadnezzar had <del>brought forth out of Jerusalem,</del> <ins>taken from Jerusalem</ins> and <del>had</del> put <del>them</del> in the <del>house</del> <ins>temple</ins> of his gods;</p><p><b>[Ezra 1:8]</b> <del>Even those did</del> <ins>and</ins> Cyrus king of Persia <del>bring forth</del> <ins>brought them out</ins> by the hand of Mithredath the treasurer, and <del>numbered</del> <ins>counted</ins> them <del>unto Sheshbazzar,</del> <ins>out to Sheshbazzar</ins> the prince of Judah.</p><p><b>[Ezra 1:9]</b> <del>And this</del> <ins>This</ins> is the number of them: thirty <del>chargers of gold, a</del> <ins>gold platters, one</ins> thousand <del>chargers of silver, nine and twenty</del> <ins>silver platters, twenty-nine</ins> knives,</p><p><b>[Ezra 1:10]</b> <del>Thirty basons of gold, silver basons of a second sort</del> <ins>thirty gold basins,</ins> four hundred and <del>ten, and other vessels</del> <ins>ten silver basins of</ins> a <del>thousand.</del> <ins>similar kind, and one thousand other articles.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 1:11]</b> All the <del>vessels</del> <ins>articles</ins> of gold and <del>of</del> silver were five thousand <del>and</del> four hundred. All these <del>did</del> Sheshbazzar <del>bring up</del> <ins>took</ins> with <del>them of</del> the <del>captivity that</del> <ins>captives who</ins> were brought <del>up</del> from Babylon <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> Jerusalem.</p><p><b>[Ezra 2:1]</b> Now these are the <del>children</del> <ins>people</ins> of the province <del>that went up out of</del> <ins>who came back from</ins> the captivity, of those <del>which</del> <ins>who</ins> had been carried away, whom Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon had carried away <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> Babylon, and <del>came again unto</del> <ins>who returned to</ins> Jerusalem and Judah, <del>every one unto</del> <ins>everyone to</ins> his <del>city;</del> <ins>own city.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:2]</b> <del>Which</del> <ins>Those who</ins> came with <del>Zerubbabel:</del> <ins>Zerubbabel were</ins> Jeshua, Nehemiah, Seraiah, Reelaiah, Mordecai, Bilshan, <del>Mizpar,</del> <ins>Mispar,</ins> Bigvai, Rehum, <ins>and</ins> Baanah. The number of the men of the people of Israel:</p><p><b>[Ezra 2:3]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the people</ins> of Parosh, two thousand <del>an</del> <ins>one</ins> hundred <del>seventy</del> and <del>two.</del> <ins>seventy-two;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:4]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the people</ins> of Shephatiah, three hundred <del>seventy</del> and <del>two.</del> <ins>seventy-two;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:5]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the people</ins> of Arah, seven hundred <del>seventy</del> and <del>five.</del> <ins>seventy-five;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:6]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the people</ins> of <del>Pahathmoab,</del> <ins>Pahath-Moab,</ins> of the <del>children</del> <ins>people</ins> of Jeshua and Joab, two thousand eight hundred and <del>twelve.</del> <ins>twelve;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:7]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the people</ins> of Elam, <del>a</del> <ins>one</ins> thousand two hundred <del>fifty</del> and <del>four.</del> <ins>fifty-four;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:8]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the people</ins> of Zattu, nine hundred <del>forty</del> and <del>five.</del> <ins>forty-five;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:9]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the people</ins> of Zaccai, seven hundred and <del>threescore.</del> <ins>sixty;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:10]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the people</ins> of Bani, six hundred <del>forty</del> and <del>two.</del> <ins>forty-two;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:11]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the people</ins> of Bebai, six hundred <del>twenty</del> and <del>three.</del> <ins>twenty-three;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:12]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the people</ins> of Azgad, <del>a</del> <ins>one</ins> thousand two hundred <del>twenty</del> and <del>two.</del> <ins>twenty-two;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:13]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the people</ins> of Adonikam, six hundred <del>sixty</del> and <del>six.</del> <ins>sixty-six;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:14]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the people</ins> of Bigvai, two thousand <del>fifty</del> and <del>six.</del> <ins>fifty-six;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:15]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the people</ins> of Adin, four hundred <del>fifty</del> and <del>four.</del> <ins>fifty-four;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:16]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the people</ins> of Ater of Hezekiah, <del>ninety and eight.</del> <ins>ninety-eight;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:17]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the people</ins> of Bezai, three hundred <del>twenty</del> and <del>three.</del> <ins>twenty-three;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:18]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the people</ins> of Jorah, <del>an</del> <ins>one</ins> hundred and <del>twelve.</del> <ins>twelve;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:19]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the people</ins> of Hashum, two hundred <del>twenty</del> and <del>three.</del> <ins>twenty-three;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:20]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the people</ins> of Gibbar, <del>ninety and five.</del> <ins>ninety-five;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:21]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the people</ins> of Bethlehem, <del>an</del> <ins>one</ins> hundred <del>twenty</del> and <del>three.</del> <ins>twenty-three;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:22]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>the</ins> men of Netophah, <del>fifty and six.</del> <ins>fifty-six;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:23]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>the</ins> men of Anathoth, <del>an</del> <ins>one</ins> hundred <del>twenty</del> and <del>eight.</del> <ins>twenty-eight;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:24]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the people</ins> of Azmaveth, <del>forty and two.</del> <ins>forty-two;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:25]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the people</ins> of <del>Kirjatharim,</del> <ins>Kirjath Arim,</ins> Chephirah, and Beeroth, seven hundred and <del>forty and three.</del> <ins>forty-three;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:26]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the people</ins> of Ramah and <del>Gaba,</del> <ins>Geba,</ins> six hundred <del>twenty</del> and <del>one.</del> <ins>twenty-one;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:27]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>the</ins> men of Michmas, <del>an</del> <ins>one</ins> hundred <del>twenty</del> and <del>two.</del> <ins>twenty-two;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:28]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>the</ins> men of Bethel and Ai, two hundred <del>twenty</del> and <del>three.</del> <ins>twenty-three;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:29]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the people</ins> of Nebo, <del>fifty and two.</del> <ins>fifty-two;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:30]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the people</ins> of Magbish, <del>an</del> <ins>one</ins> hundred <del>fifty</del> and <del>six.</del> <ins>fifty-six;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:31]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the people</ins> of the other Elam, <del>a</del> <ins>one</ins> thousand two hundred <del>fifty</del> and <del>four.</del> <ins>fifty-four;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:32]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the people</ins> of Harim, three hundred and <del>twenty.</del> <ins>twenty;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:33]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the people</ins> of Lod, Hadid, and Ono, seven hundred <del>twenty</del> and <del>five.</del> <ins>twenty-five;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:34]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the people</ins> of Jericho, three hundred <del>forty</del> and <del>five.</del> <ins>forty-five;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:35]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the people</ins> of Senaah, three thousand <del>and</del> six hundred and thirty.</p><p><b>[Ezra 2:36]</b> The priests: the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Jedaiah, of the house of Jeshua, nine hundred <del>seventy</del> and <del>three.</del> <ins>seventy-three;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:37]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Immer, <del>a</del> <ins>one</ins> thousand <del>fifty</del> and <del>two.</del> <ins>fifty-two;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:38]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of <del>Pashur, a</del> <ins>Pashhur, one</ins> thousand two hundred <del>forty</del> and <del>seven.</del> <ins>forty-seven;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:39]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Harim, <del>a</del> <ins>one</ins> thousand and seventeen.</p><p><b>[Ezra 2:40]</b> The Levites: the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Jeshua and Kadmiel, of the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Hodaviah, <del>seventy and four.</del> <ins>seventy-four.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:41]</b> The singers: the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Asaph, <del>an</del> <ins>one</ins> hundred <del>twenty</del> and <del>eight.</del> <ins>twenty-eight.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:42]</b> The <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of the <del>porters:</del> <ins>gatekeepers:</ins> the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Shallum, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Ater, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Talmon, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Akkub, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Hatita, <ins>and</ins> the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Shobai, <del>in all an</del> <ins>one</ins> hundred <del>thirty</del> and <del>nine.</del> <ins>thirty-nine in all.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:43]</b> The <del>Nethinims:</del> <ins>Nethinim:</ins> the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Ziha, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Hasupha, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Tabbaoth,</p><p><b>[Ezra 2:44]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Keros, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Siaha, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Padon,</p><p><b>[Ezra 2:45]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Lebanah, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Hagabah, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Akkub,</p><p><b>[Ezra 2:46]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Hagab, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Shalmai, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Hanan,</p><p><b>[Ezra 2:47]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Giddel, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Gahar, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Reaiah,</p><p><b>[Ezra 2:48]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Rezin, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Nekoda, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Gazzam,</p><p><b>[Ezra 2:49]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Uzza, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Paseah, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Besai,</p><p><b>[Ezra 2:50]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Asnah, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of <del>Mehunim,</del> <ins>Meunim,</ins> the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Nephusim,</p><p><b>[Ezra 2:51]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Bakbuk, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Hakupha, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Harhur,</p><p><b>[Ezra 2:52]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Bazluth, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Mehida, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Harsha,</p><p><b>[Ezra 2:53]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Barkos, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Sisera, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of <del>Thamah,</del> <ins>Tamah,</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:54]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Neziah, <ins>and</ins> the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Hatipha.</p><p><b>[Ezra 2:55]</b> The <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Solomon's servants: the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Sotai, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Sophereth, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Peruda,</p><p><b>[Ezra 2:56]</b> <del>The children of Jaalah,</del> the <del>children</del> <ins>sons of Jaala, the sons</ins> of Darkon, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Giddel,</p><p><b>[Ezra 2:57]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Shephatiah, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Hattil, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Pochereth of Zebaim, <ins>and</ins> the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Ami.</p><p><b>[Ezra 2:58]</b> All the <del>Nethinims,</del> <ins>Nethinim</ins> and the children of Solomon's <del>servants,</del> <ins>servants</ins> were three hundred <del>ninety</del> and <del>two.</del> <ins>ninety-two.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:59]</b> And these were <del>they which went</del> <ins>the ones who came</ins> up from <del>Telmelah, Telharsa,</del> <ins>Tel Melah, Tel Harsha,</ins> Cherub, Addan, and <del>Immer:</del> <ins>Immer;</ins> but they could not <del>shew</del> <ins>identify</ins> their father's <del>house, and</del> <ins>house or</ins> their <del>seed,</del> <ins>genealogy,</ins> whether they were of Israel:</p><p><b>[Ezra 2:60]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Delaiah, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Tobiah, <ins>and</ins> the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Nekoda, six hundred <del>fifty</del> and <del>two.</del> <ins>fifty-two;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:61]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> of the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of the priests: the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Habaiah, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Koz, <ins>and</ins> the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of <del>Barzillai; which</del> <ins>Barzillai, who</ins> took a wife of the daughters of Barzillai the Gileadite, and was called <del>after</del> <ins>by</ins> their <del>name:</del> <ins>name.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:62]</b> These sought their <del>register</del> <ins>listing</ins> among those <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> were <del>reckoned</del> <ins>registered</ins> by genealogy, but they were not <del>found:</del> <ins>found;</ins> therefore <ins>they</ins> were <del>they, as polluted, put</del> <ins>excluded</ins> from the <del>priesthood.</del> <ins>priesthood as defiled.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:63]</b> And the <del>Tirshatha</del> <ins>governor</ins> said <del>unto them,</del> <ins>to them</ins> that they should not eat of the most holy <del>things,</del> <ins>things</ins> till <del>there stood up</del> a priest <ins>could consult</ins> with <ins>the</ins> Urim and <del>with</del> Thummim.</p><p><b>[Ezra 2:64]</b> The whole <del>congregation</del> <ins>assembly</ins> together was <del>forty and two</del> <ins>forty-two</ins> thousand three hundred and <del>threescore,</del> <ins>sixty,</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:65]</b> <del>Beside</del> <ins>besides</ins> their <del>servants</del> <ins>male</ins> and <del>their maids,</del> <ins>female servants,</ins> of whom there were seven thousand three hundred <del>thirty</del> and <del>seven:</del> <ins>thirty-seven;</ins> and <del>there were among them</del> <ins>they had</ins> two hundred <del>singing</del> men and <del>singing women.</del> <ins>women singers.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:66]</b> Their horses were seven hundred <del>thirty</del> and <del>six;</del> <ins>thirty-six,</ins> their <del>mules,</del> <ins>mules</ins> two hundred <del>forty</del> and <del>five;</del> <ins>forty-five,</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 2:67]</b> <del>Their camels,</del> <ins>their camels</ins> four hundred <del>thirty</del> and <del>five;</del> <ins>thirty-five, and</ins> their <del>asses,</del> <ins>donkeys</ins> six thousand seven hundred and twenty.</p><p><b>[Ezra 2:68]</b> <del>And some</del> <ins>Some</ins> of the <del>chief</del> <ins>heads</ins> of the <del>fathers,</del> <ins>fathers' houses,</ins> when they came to the house of the LORD which is <del>at</del> <ins>in</ins> Jerusalem, offered freely for the house of <del>God</del> <ins>God,</ins> to <del>set</del> <ins>erect</ins> it <del>up</del> in <del>his</del> <ins>its</ins> place:</p><p><b>[Ezra 2:69]</b> <del>They gave after</del> <ins>According to</ins> their <del>ability unto</del> <ins>ability, they gave to</ins> the <del>treasure of</del> <ins>treasury for</ins> the work <del>threescore and one</del> <ins>sixty-one</ins> thousand <del>drams of gold, and</del> <ins>gold drachmas,</ins> five thousand <del>pound</del> <ins>minas</ins> of silver, and one hundred <del>priests'</del> <ins>priestly</ins> garments.</p><p><b>[Ezra 2:70]</b> So the <del>priests,</del> <ins>priests</ins> and the Levites, <del>and</del> some of the people, <del>and</del> the singers, <ins>the gatekeepers,</ins> and the <del>porters, and the Nethinims,</del> <ins>Nethinim,</ins> dwelt in their cities, and all Israel in their cities.</p><p><b>[Ezra 3:1]</b> And when the seventh month <del>was</del> <ins>had</ins> come, and the children of Israel were in the cities, the people gathered <del>themselves</del> together as one man to Jerusalem.</p><p><b>[Ezra 3:2]</b> Then <del>stood up</del> Jeshua the son of <del>Jozadak,</del> <ins>Jozadak</ins> and his brethren the priests, and Zerubbabel the son of <del>Shealtiel,</del> <ins>Shealtiel</ins> and his brethren, <ins>arose</ins> and <del>builded</del> <ins>built</ins> the altar of the God of Israel, to offer burnt offerings <del>thereon,</del> <ins>on it,</ins> as it is written in the <del>law</del> <ins>Law</ins> of Moses the man of God.</p><p><b>[Ezra 3:3]</b> <del>And they set the altar upon his bases; for</del> <ins>Though</ins> fear <del>was</del> <ins>had come</ins> upon them because of the people of those <del>countries:</del> <ins>countries, they set the altar on its bases;</ins> and they offered burnt offerings <del>thereon unto</del> <ins>on it to</ins> the LORD, <del>even burnt offerings</del> <ins>both the</ins> morning and <del>evening.</del> <ins>evening burnt offerings.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 3:4]</b> They <del>kept</del> also <ins>kept</ins> the <del>feast</del> <ins>Feast</ins> of <del>tabernacles,</del> <ins>Tabernacles,</ins> as it is written, and offered the daily burnt offerings <del>by number, according to</del> <ins>in</ins> the <del>custom, as the duty of every day required;</del> <ins>number required by ordinance for each day.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 3:5]</b> <del>And afterward</del> <ins>Afterwards they</ins> offered the <del>continual</del> <ins>regular</ins> burnt offering, <del>both of the new moons,</del> and <del>of</del> <ins>those for New Moons and for</ins> all the <del>set</del> <ins>appointed</ins> feasts of the LORD that were consecrated, and <ins>those</ins> of <del>every one that</del> <ins>everyone who</ins> willingly offered a freewill offering <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the LORD.</p><p><b>[Ezra 3:6]</b> From the first day of the seventh month <del>began</del> they <ins>began</ins> to offer burnt offerings <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>LORD. But</del> <ins>LORD, although</ins> the foundation of the temple of the LORD <del>was</del> <ins>had</ins> not <del>yet</del> <ins>been</ins> laid.</p><p><b>[Ezra 3:7]</b> They <ins>also</ins> gave money <del>also unto the masons, and</del> to the <del>carpenters;</del> <ins>masons</ins> and <del>meat,</del> <ins>the carpenters,</ins> and <ins>food,</ins> drink, and <del>oil, unto them of Zidon, and</del> <ins>oil</ins> to <del>them</del> <ins>the people</ins> of <del>Tyre,</del> <ins>Sidon and Tyre</ins> to bring cedar <del>trees</del> <ins>logs</ins> from Lebanon to the <del>sea of</del> <ins>sea, to</ins> Joppa, according to the <del>grant that</del> <ins>permission which</ins> they had <del>of</del> <ins>from</ins> Cyrus king of Persia.</p><p><b>[Ezra 3:8]</b> Now in <ins>the second month of</ins> the second year of their coming <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the house of God at Jerusalem, <del>in the second month, began</del> Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, <del>and</del> Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and the <del>remnant</del> <ins>rest</ins> of their brethren the priests and the Levites, and all <del>they that were</del> <ins>those who had</ins> come out of the captivity <del>unto Jerusalem;</del> <ins>to Jerusalem, began work</ins> and appointed the <del>Levites,</del> <ins>Levites</ins> from twenty years old and <del>upward,</del> <ins>above</ins> to <del>set forward</del> <ins>oversee</ins> the work of the house of the LORD.</p><p><b>[Ezra 3:9]</b> Then <del>stood</del> Jeshua with his sons and <del>his brethren,</del> <ins>brothers,</ins> Kadmiel <del>and</del> <ins>with</ins> his sons, <ins>and</ins> the sons of Judah, <del>together,</del> <ins>arose as one</ins> to <del>set forward the workmen in</del> <ins>oversee those working on</ins> the house of God: the sons of <del>Henadad,</del> <ins>Henadad</ins> with their sons and their brethren the Levites.</p><p><b>[Ezra 3:10]</b> <del>And when</del> <ins>When</ins> the builders laid the foundation of the temple of the LORD, <del>they set</del> the priests <ins>stood</ins> in their apparel with trumpets, and the <del>Levites</del> <ins>Levites,</ins> the sons of <del>Asaph</del> <ins>Asaph,</ins> with cymbals, to praise the LORD, <del>after</del> <ins>according to</ins> the ordinance of David king of Israel.</p><p><b>[Ezra 3:11]</b> And they sang <del>together by course in</del> <ins>responsively,</ins> praising and giving thanks <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>LORD; because he</del> <ins>LORD: "For He</ins> is good, <del>for his</del> <ins>For His</ins> mercy <del>endureth for ever</del> <ins>endures forever</ins> toward <del>Israel. And</del> <ins>Israel." Then</ins> all the people shouted with a great shout, when they praised the LORD, because the foundation of the house of the LORD was laid.</p><p><b>[Ezra 3:12]</b> But many of the priests and Levites and <del>chief</del> <ins>heads</ins> of the <del>fathers,</del> <ins>fathers' houses, old men</ins> who <del>were ancient men, that</del> had seen the first <del>house,</del> <ins>temple, wept with a loud voice</ins> when the foundation of this <del>house</del> <ins>temple</ins> was laid before their <del>eyes, wept with a loud voice; and</del> <ins>eyes. Yet</ins> many shouted aloud for <del>joy:</del> <ins>joy,</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 3:13]</b> <del>So</del> <ins>so</ins> that the people could not discern the noise of the shout of joy from the noise of the weeping of the <del>people:</del> <ins>people,</ins> for the people shouted with a loud shout, and the <del>noise</del> <ins>sound</ins> was heard afar off.</p><p><b>[Ezra 4:1]</b> Now when the adversaries of Judah and Benjamin heard that the <del>children</del> <ins>descendants</ins> of the captivity <del>builded</del> <ins>were building</ins> the temple <del>unto</del> <ins>of</ins> the LORD God of <del>Israel;</del> <ins>Israel,</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 4:2]</b> <del>Then</del> they came to <del>Zerubbabel,</del> <ins>Zerubbabel</ins> and <del>to</del> the <del>chief</del> <ins>heads</ins> of the <del>fathers,</del> <ins>fathers' houses,</ins> and said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> them, <del>Let</del> <ins>"Let</ins> us build with <del>you:</del> <ins>you,</ins> for we seek your <del>God,</del> <ins>God</ins> as <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> do; and we <del>do sacrifice unto him</del> <ins>have sacrificed to Him</ins> since the days of Esarhaddon king of <del>Assur, which</del> <ins>Assyria, who</ins> brought us <del>up hither.</del> <ins>here."</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 4:3]</b> But <del>Zerubbabel,</del> <ins>Zerubbabel</ins> and <del>Jeshua,</del> <ins>Jeshua</ins> and the rest of the <del>chief</del> <ins>heads</ins> of the <del>fathers</del> <ins>fathers' houses</ins> of <del>Israel,</del> <ins>Israel</ins> said <del>unto them, Ye have nothing</del> to <ins>them, "You may</ins> do <ins>nothing</ins> with us to build <del>an</del> <ins>a</ins> house <del>unto</del> <ins>for</ins> our God; but we <del>ourselves together</del> <ins>alone</ins> will build <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the LORD God of Israel, as <del>king</del> <ins>King</ins> Cyrus the king of Persia <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> commanded <del>us.</del> <ins>us."</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 4:4]</b> Then the people of the land <del>weakened the hands of</del> <ins>tried to discourage</ins> the people of <del>Judah, and</del> <ins>Judah. They</ins> troubled them in building,</p><p><b>[Ezra 4:5]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> hired <del>counsellors</del> <ins>counselors</ins> against <del>them,</del> <ins>them</ins> to frustrate their <del>purpose,</del> <ins>purpose</ins> all the days of Cyrus king of Persia, even until the reign of Darius king of Persia.</p><p><b>[Ezra 4:6]</b> <del>And in</del> <ins>In</ins> the reign of Ahasuerus, in the beginning of his reign, <del>wrote</del> they <del>unto him</del> <ins>wrote</ins> an accusation against the inhabitants of Judah and Jerusalem.</p><p><b>[Ezra 4:7]</b> <del>And in</del> <ins>In</ins> the days of Artaxerxes <del>wrote</del> <ins>also,</ins> Bishlam, Mithredath, <del>Tabeel,</del> <ins>Tabel,</ins> and the rest of their <del>companions, unto</del> <ins>companions wrote to</ins> Artaxerxes king of Persia; and the <del>writing of the</del> letter was written in <del>the Syrian tongue,</del> <ins>Aramaic script,</ins> and <del>interpreted in</del> <ins>translated into</ins> the <del>Syrian tongue.</del> <ins>Aramaic language.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 4:8]</b> Rehum the <del>chancellor</del> <ins>commander</ins> and Shimshai the scribe wrote a letter against Jerusalem to <ins>King</ins> Artaxerxes <del>the king</del> in this <del>sort:</del> <ins>fashion:</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 4:9]</b> <del>Then wrote</del> <ins>From</ins> Rehum the <del>chancellor, and</del> <ins>commander,</ins> Shimshai the scribe, and the rest of their <del>companions;</del> <ins>companions--representatives of</ins> the Dinaites, the Apharsathchites, the Tarpelites, the <del>Apharsites, the Archevites, the Babylonians, the Susanchites,</del> <ins>people of Persia and Erech and Babylon and Shushan,</ins> the Dehavites, <del>and</del> the Elamites,</p><p><b>[Ezra 4:10]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> the rest of the nations whom the great and noble <del>Asnapper brought over,</del> <ins>Osnapper took captive</ins> and <del>set</del> <ins>settled</ins> in the cities of <del>Samaria,</del> <ins>Samaria</ins> and the <del>rest that are on this side</del> <ins>remainder beyond</ins> the <del>river, and at such a time.</del> <ins>River--and so forth.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 4:11]</b> <del>This</del> <ins>(This</ins> is <del>the</del> <ins>a</ins> copy of the letter that they sent <del>unto him, even unto</del> <ins>him) To King</ins> Artaxerxes <del>the king; Thy servants</del> <ins>from your servants,</ins> the men <del>on this side</del> <ins>of</ins> the <del>river,</del> <ins>region beyond the River,</ins> and <del>at such a time.</del> <ins>so forth:</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 4:12]</b> <del>Be</del> <ins>Let</ins> it <ins>be</ins> known <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>king,</del> <ins>king</ins> that the Jews <del>which</del> <ins>who</ins> came up from <del>thee</del> <ins>you have come</ins> to us <del>are come unto</del> <ins>at</ins> Jerusalem, <ins>and are</ins> building the rebellious and <del>the bad</del> <ins>evil</ins> city, and <del>have set up the</del> <ins>are finishing its</ins> walls <del>thereof,</del> and <del>joined</del> <ins>repairing</ins> the foundations.</p><p><b>[Ezra 4:13]</b> <del>Be</del> <ins>Let</ins> it <del>known</del> now <del>unto</del> <ins>be known to</ins> the <del>king,</del> <ins>king</ins> that, if this city <del>be builded,</del> <ins>is built</ins> and the walls <del>set up again, then will</del> <ins>completed,</ins> they <ins>will</ins> not pay <del>toll,</del> <ins>tax,</ins> tribute, <del>and</del> <ins>or</ins> custom, and <del>so thou shalt endamage</del> the <del>revenue of the kings.</del> <ins>king's treasury will be diminished.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 4:14]</b> Now because we <del>have maintenance</del> <ins>receive support</ins> from the <del>king's</del> palace, <del>and</del> it was not <del>meet</del> <ins>proper</ins> for us to see the king's <del>dishonour,</del> <ins>dishonor;</ins> therefore <del>have</del> we <ins>have</ins> sent and <del>certified</del> <ins>informed</ins> the <del>king;</del> <ins>king,</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 4:15]</b> <del>That</del> <ins>that</ins> search may be made in the book of the records of <del>thy fathers: so shalt thou</del> <ins>your fathers. And you will</ins> find in the book of the <del>records,</del> <ins>records</ins> and know that this city is a rebellious city, <del>and hurtful unto</del> <ins>harmful to</ins> kings and provinces, and that they have <del>moved</del> <ins>incited</ins> sedition within the <del>same of old time:</del> <ins>city in former times,</ins> for which cause <del>was</del> this city <ins>was</ins> destroyed.</p><p><b>[Ezra 4:16]</b> We <del>certify</del> <ins>inform</ins> the king <del>that,</del> <ins>that</ins> if this city <del>be builded again,</del> <ins>is rebuilt</ins> and <del>the</del> <ins>its</ins> walls <del>thereof set up, by this means thou shalt</del> <ins>are completed, the result will be that you will</ins> have no <del>portion on this side</del> <ins>dominion beyond</ins> the <del>river.</del> <ins>River.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 4:17]</b> <del>Then sent the</del> <ins>The</ins> king <ins>sent</ins> an <del>answer unto</del> <ins>answer: To</ins> Rehum the <del>chancellor, and</del> <ins>commander,</ins> to Shimshai the scribe, <del>and</del> to the rest of their companions <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> dwell in Samaria, and <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>rest</del> <ins>remainder</ins> beyond the <del>river,</del> <ins>River:</ins> Peace, and <del>at such a time.</del> <ins>so forth.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 4:18]</b> The letter which <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> sent <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> us <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> been <del>plainly</del> <ins>clearly</ins> read before me.</p><p><b>[Ezra 4:19]</b> And I <del>commanded,</del> <ins>gave the command,</ins> and <ins>a</ins> search <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> been made, and it <del>is</del> <ins>was</ins> found that this city <del>of old time hath made insurrection</del> <ins>in former times has revolted</ins> against kings, and <del>that</del> rebellion and sedition have been <del>made therein.</del> <ins>fostered in it.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 4:20]</b> There have <ins>also</ins> been mighty kings <del>also</del> over Jerusalem, <del>which</del> <ins>who</ins> have ruled over all <del>countries</del> <ins>the region</ins> beyond the <del>river;</del> <ins>River;</ins> and <del>toll,</del> <ins>tax,</ins> tribute, and <del>custom, was</del> <ins>custom were</ins> paid <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> them.</p><p><b>[Ezra 4:21]</b> <del>Give ye now commandment</del> <ins>Now give the command</ins> to <del>cause</del> <ins>make</ins> these men <del>to</del> cease, <del>and</del> that this city <del>be</del> <ins>may</ins> not <del>builded, until another commandment shall</del> be <ins>built until the command is</ins> given <del>from</del> <ins>by</ins> me.</p><p><b>[Ezra 4:22]</b> Take heed now that <del>ye fail</del> <ins>you do</ins> not <ins>fail</ins> to do <del>this: why</del> <ins>this. Why</ins> should damage <del>grow</del> <ins>increase</ins> to the hurt of the kings?</p><p><b>[Ezra 4:23]</b> Now when the copy of <del>king</del> <ins>King</ins> Artaxerxes' letter was read before Rehum, <del>and</del> Shimshai the scribe, and their companions, they went up in haste to Jerusalem <del>unto</del> <ins>against</ins> the Jews, and <del>made them to cease</del> by force <del>and power.</del> <ins>of arms made them cease.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 4:24]</b> <del>Then ceased</del> <ins>Thus</ins> the work of the house of God which is at <del>Jerusalem. So</del> <ins>Jerusalem ceased, and</ins> it <del>ceased unto</del> <ins>was discontinued until</ins> the second year of the reign of Darius king of Persia.</p><p><b>[Ezra 5:1]</b> Then the <del>prophets,</del> <ins>prophet</ins> Haggai <del>the prophet,</del> and Zechariah the son of Iddo, <ins>prophets,</ins> prophesied <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the Jews <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> were in Judah and <del>Jerusalem</del> <ins>Jerusalem,</ins> in the name of the God of Israel, <del>even unto</del> <ins>who was over</ins> them.</p><p><b>[Ezra 5:2]</b> <del>Then rose up</del> <ins>So</ins> Zerubbabel the son of <del>Shealtiel,</del> <ins>Shealtiel</ins> and Jeshua the son of <del>Jozadak,</del> <ins>Jozadak rose up</ins> and began to build the house of God which is <del>at Jerusalem:</del> <ins>in Jerusalem;</ins> and <del>with them were</del> the prophets of God <ins>were with them,</ins> helping them.</p><p><b>[Ezra 5:3]</b> At the same time <ins>Tattenai the governor of the region beyond the River and Shethar-Boznai and their companions</ins> came to them <del>Tatnai, governor on this side the river,</del> and <del>Shetharboznai and their companions, and said</del> <ins>spoke</ins> thus <del>unto them, Who hath</del> <ins>to them: "Who has</ins> commanded you to build this <del>house,</del> <ins>temple</ins> and <del>to make up</del> <ins>finish</ins> this <del>wall?</del> <ins>wall?"</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 5:4]</b> <del>Then said</del> <ins>Then, accordingly,</ins> we <del>unto</del> <ins>told</ins> them <del>after this manner, What are</del> the names of the men <del>that make</del> <ins>who were constructing</ins> this <del>building?</del> <ins>building.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 5:5]</b> But the eye of their God was upon the elders of the Jews, <ins>so</ins> that they could not <del>cause</del> <ins>make</ins> them <del>to cease,</del> <ins>cease</ins> till <del>the matter came</del> <ins>a report could go</ins> to <del>Darius: and then they returned</del> <ins>Darius. Then a written</ins> answer <del>by letter</del> <ins>was returned</ins> concerning this matter.</p><p><b>[Ezra 5:6]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>This is a</ins> copy of the letter that <del>Tatnai,</del> <ins>Tattenai sent: The</ins> governor <del>on this side</del> <ins>of</ins> the <del>river,</del> <ins>region beyond the River,</ins> and <del>Shetharboznai</del> <ins>Shethar-Boznai,</ins> and his <del>companions</del> <ins>companions,</ins> the <del>Apharsachites, which</del> <ins>Persians who</ins> were <del>on this side</del> <ins>in</ins> the <del>river, sent unto</del> <ins>region beyond the River, to</ins> Darius the <del>king:</del> <ins>king.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 5:7]</b> <del>They</del> <ins>(They</ins> sent a letter <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> him, <del>wherein</del> <ins>in which</ins> was written <del>thus; Unto</del> <ins>thus) To</ins> Darius the <del>king, all</del> <ins>king: All</ins> peace.</p><p><b>[Ezra 5:8]</b> <del>Be</del> <ins>Let</ins> it <ins>be</ins> known <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>king,</del> <ins>king</ins> that we went into the province of Judea, to the <del>house</del> <ins>temple</ins> of the great God, which is <del>builded</del> <ins>being built</ins> with <del>great</del> <ins>heavy</ins> stones, and timber is <ins>being</ins> laid in the <del>walls,</del> <ins>walls;</ins> and this work <del>goeth fast on,</del> <ins>goes on diligently</ins> and <del>prospereth</del> <ins>prospers</ins> in their hands.</p><p><b>[Ezra 5:9]</b> Then <del>asked</del> we <ins>asked</ins> those elders, and <del>said unto them thus, Who</del> <ins>spoke thus to them: "Who</ins> commanded you to build this <del>house,</del> <ins>temple</ins> and to <del>make up</del> <ins>finish</ins> these <del>walls?</del> <ins>walls?"</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 5:10]</b> We <ins>also</ins> asked <ins>them</ins> their names <del>also,</del> to <del>certify thee,</del> <ins>inform you,</ins> that we might write the names of the men <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> were <del>the</del> chief <del>of</del> <ins>among</ins> them.</p><p><b>[Ezra 5:11]</b> And thus they returned us <ins>an</ins> answer, <del>saying, We</del> <ins>saying: "We</ins> are the servants of the God of heaven and earth, and <del>build</del> <ins>we are rebuilding</ins> the <del>house</del> <ins>temple</ins> that was <del>builded these</del> <ins>built</ins> many years ago, which a great king of Israel <del>builded</del> <ins>built</ins> and <del>set up.</del> <ins>completed.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 5:12]</b> But <del>after that</del> <ins>because</ins> our fathers <del>had</del> provoked the God of heaven <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> wrath, <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> gave them into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar <del>the</del> king of Babylon, the Chaldean, who destroyed this <del>house,</del> <ins>temple</ins> and carried the people away <del>into</del> <ins>to</ins> Babylon.</p><p><b>[Ezra 5:13]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>However,</ins> in the first year of Cyrus <del>the</del> king of <del>Babylon the same king</del> <ins>Babylon, King</ins> Cyrus <del>made</del> <ins>issued</ins> a decree to build this house of God.</p><p><b>[Ezra 5:14]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Also,</ins> the <del>vessels also of</del> gold and silver <ins>articles</ins> of the house of God, which Nebuchadnezzar <del>took out of</del> <ins>had taken from</ins> the temple that was in <del>Jerusalem,</del> <ins>Jerusalem</ins> and <del>brought them</del> <ins>carried</ins> into the temple of <del>Babylon, those did</del> <ins>Babylon--those King</ins> Cyrus <del>the king take out of</del> <ins>took from</ins> the temple of Babylon, and they were <del>delivered unto one, whose name was</del> <ins>given to one named</ins> Sheshbazzar, whom he had made <del>governor;</del> <ins>governor.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 5:15]</b> And <ins>he</ins> said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> him, <del>Take</del> <ins>"Take</ins> these <del>vessels,</del> <ins>articles;</ins> go, carry them <del>into</del> <ins>to</ins> the temple <ins>site</ins> that is in Jerusalem, and let the house of God be <del>builded in his place.</del> <ins>rebuilt on its former site.'</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 5:16]</b> Then <del>came</del> the same <del>Sheshbazzar,</del> <ins>Sheshbazzar came</ins> and laid the foundation of the house of God which is in <del>Jerusalem: and since</del> <ins>Jerusalem; but from</ins> that time even until now <del>hath</del> it <ins>has</ins> been <del>in building,</del> <ins>under construction,</ins> and <del>yet</del> it is not <del>finished.</del> <ins>finished."</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 5:17]</b> Now therefore, if it <del>seem</del> <ins>seems</ins> good to the king, let <del>there be</del> <ins>a</ins> search <ins>be</ins> made in the king's treasure house, which is there <del>at</del> <ins>in</ins> Babylon, whether it <del>be so,</del> <ins>is so</ins> that a decree was <del>made of</del> <ins>issued by King</ins> Cyrus <del>the king</del> to build this house of God at Jerusalem, and let the king send <ins>us</ins> his pleasure <del>to us</del> concerning this matter.</p><p><b>[Ezra 6:1]</b> Then <ins>King</ins> Darius <del>the king made</del> <ins>issued</ins> a decree, and <ins>a</ins> search was made in the <del>house of the rolls,</del> <ins>archives,</ins> where the treasures were <del>laid up</del> <ins>stored</ins> in Babylon.</p><p><b>[Ezra 6:2]</b> And <del>there was found</del> at Achmetha, in the palace that is in the province of <del>the Medes,</del> <ins>Media,</ins> a <del>roll, and therein</del> <ins>scroll</ins> was <ins>found, and in it</ins> a record <del>thus written:</del> <ins>was written thus:</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 6:3]</b> In the first year of <ins>King Cyrus, King</ins> Cyrus <del>the king the same Cyrus the king made</del> <ins>issued</ins> a decree concerning the house of God at <del>Jerusalem, Let</del> <ins>Jerusalem: "Let</ins> the house be <del>builded,</del> <ins>rebuilt,</ins> the place where they offered <del>sacrifices,</del> <ins>sacrifices;</ins> and let the foundations <del>thereof</del> <ins>of it</ins> be <del>strongly laid; the</del> <ins>firmly laid, its</ins> height <del>thereof threescore cubits,</del> <ins>sixty cubits</ins> and <del>the breadth thereof threescore cubits;</del> <ins>its width sixty cubits,</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 6:4]</b> <del>With</del> <ins>with</ins> three rows of <del>great stones,</del> <ins>heavy stones</ins> and <del>a</del> <ins>one</ins> row of new <del>timber: and let</del> <ins>timber. Let</ins> the expenses be <del>given out of</del> <ins>paid from</ins> the king's <del>house:</del> <ins>treasury.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 6:5]</b> <del>And also</del> <ins>Also</ins> let the <del>golden</del> <ins>gold</ins> and silver <del>vessels</del> <ins>articles</ins> of the house of God, which Nebuchadnezzar took <del>forth out of</del> <ins>from</ins> the temple which is <del>at Jerusalem,</del> <ins>in Jerusalem</ins> and brought <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> Babylon, be <del>restored,</del> <ins>restored</ins> and <del>brought again unto</del> <ins>taken back to</ins> the temple which is <del>at</del> <ins>in</ins> Jerusalem, <del>every one</del> <ins>each</ins> to <del>his place,</del> <ins>its place;</ins> and <del>place</del> <ins>deposit</ins> them in the house of <del>God.</del> <ins>God"--</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 6:6]</b> Now therefore, <del>Tatnai,</del> <ins>Tattenai,</ins> governor <ins>of the region</ins> beyond the <del>river, Shetharboznai,</del> <ins>River, and Shethar-Boznai,</ins> and your companions the <del>Apharsachites, which</del> <ins>Persians who</ins> are beyond the <del>river, be ye</del> <ins>River, keep yourselves</ins> far from <del>thence:</del> <ins>there.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 6:7]</b> Let the work of this house of God alone; let the governor of the Jews and the elders of the Jews build this house of God <del>in his place.</del> <ins>on its site.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 6:8]</b> Moreover I <del>make</del> <ins>issue</ins> a decree <ins>as to</ins> what <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> shall do <del>to</del> <ins>for</ins> the elders of these <del>Jews</del> <ins>Jews,</ins> for the building of this house of God: <del>that of</del> <ins>Let the cost be paid at</ins> the king's <del>goods, even of</del> <ins>expense from taxes on</ins> the <del>tribute</del> <ins>region</ins> beyond the <del>river, forthwith expenses</del> <ins>River; this is to</ins> be given <del>unto</del> <ins>immediately to</ins> these men, <ins>so</ins> that they <del>be</del> <ins>are</ins> not hindered.</p><p><b>[Ezra 6:9]</b> And <del>that which</del> <ins>whatever</ins> they <del>have need of, both young bullocks, and</del> <ins>need--young bulls,</ins> rams, and <del>lambs,</del> <ins>lambs</ins> for the burnt offerings of the God of heaven, wheat, salt, wine, and oil, according to the <del>appointment</del> <ins>request</ins> of the priests <del>which</del> <ins>who</ins> are <del>at Jerusalem, let</del> <ins>in Jerusalem--let</ins> it be given them day by day without <del>fail:</del> <ins>fail,</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 6:10]</b> <del>That</del> <ins>that</ins> they may offer sacrifices of sweet <del>savours unto</del> <ins>aroma to</ins> the God of heaven, and pray for the life of the <del>king,</del> <ins>king</ins> and <del>of</del> his sons.</p><p><b>[Ezra 6:11]</b> Also I <del>have made</del> <ins>issue</ins> a <del>decree,</del> <ins>decree</ins> that <del>whosoever shall alter</del> <ins>whoever alters</ins> this <del>word,</del> <ins>edict,</ins> let <ins>a</ins> timber be pulled <del>down</del> from his <del>house,</del> <ins>house</ins> and <del>being set up,</del> <ins>erected, and</ins> let him be hanged <del>thereon;</del> <ins>on it;</ins> and let his house be made a <del>dunghill for</del> <ins>refuse heap because of</ins> this.</p><p><b>[Ezra 6:12]</b> And <ins>may</ins> the God <del>that hath caused his</del> <ins>who causes His</ins> name to dwell there destroy <del>all kings and people, that shall</del> <ins>any king or people who</ins> put <del>to</del> their hand to alter <del>and</del> <ins>it, or</ins> to destroy this house of God which is <del>at</del> <ins>in</ins> Jerusalem. I Darius <del>have made</del> <ins>issue</ins> a decree; let it be done <del>with speed.</del> <ins>diligently.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 6:13]</b> Then <del>Tatnai,</del> <ins>Tattenai,</ins> governor <del>on this side</del> <ins>of</ins> the <del>river, Shetharboznai,</del> <ins>region beyond the River, Shethar-Boznai,</ins> and their <del>companions,</del> <ins>companions diligently did</ins> according to <del>that which</del> <ins>what King</ins> Darius <del>the king</del> had <del>sent, so they did speedily.</del> <ins>sent.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 6:14]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>So</ins> the elders of the Jews <del>builded,</del> <ins>built,</ins> and they prospered through the prophesying of Haggai the prophet and Zechariah the son of Iddo. And they <del>builded,</del> <ins>built</ins> and finished it, according to the commandment of the God of Israel, and according to the <del>commandment</del> <ins>command</ins> of Cyrus, <del>and</del> Darius, and Artaxerxes king of Persia.</p><p><b>[Ezra 6:15]</b> <del>And this house</del> <ins>Now the temple</ins> was finished on the third day of the month <ins>of</ins> Adar, which was in the sixth year of the reign of <del>Darius the king.</del> <ins>King Darius.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 6:16]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> the children of Israel, the <del>priests,</del> <ins>priests</ins> and the <del>Levites,</del> <ins>Levites</ins> and the rest of the <del>children</del> <ins>descendants</ins> of the captivity, <del>kept</del> <ins>celebrated</ins> the dedication of this house of God with joy.</p><p><b>[Ezra 6:17]</b> And <ins>they</ins> offered <ins>sacrifices</ins> at the dedication of this house of <del>God an</del> <ins>God, one</ins> hundred <del>bullocks,</del> <ins>bulls,</ins> two hundred rams, four hundred <del>lambs;</del> <ins>lambs,</ins> and <del>for</del> <ins>as</ins> a sin offering for all <del>Israel,</del> <ins>Israel</ins> twelve <del>he</del> <ins>male</ins> goats, according to the number of the tribes of Israel.</p><p><b>[Ezra 6:18]</b> <del>And they set</del> <ins>They assigned</ins> the priests <del>in</del> <ins>to</ins> their <del>divisions,</del> <ins>divisions</ins> and the Levites <del>in</del> <ins>to</ins> their <del>courses, for</del> <ins>divisions, over</ins> the service of <del>God, which is at Jerusalem;</del> <ins>God in Jerusalem,</ins> as it is written in the <del>book</del> <ins>Book</ins> of Moses.</p><p><b>[Ezra 6:19]</b> And the <del>children</del> <ins>descendants</ins> of the captivity kept the <del>passover upon</del> <ins>Passover on</ins> the fourteenth day of the first month.</p><p><b>[Ezra 6:20]</b> For the priests and the Levites <del>were</del> <ins>had</ins> purified <del>together,</del> <ins>themselves;</ins> all of them were <del>pure, and killed</del> <ins>ritually clean. And they slaughtered</ins> the <del>passover</del> <ins>Passover lambs</ins> for all the <del>children</del> <ins>descendants</ins> of the captivity, <del>and</del> for their brethren the priests, and for themselves.</p><p><b>[Ezra 6:21]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> the children of <del>Israel, which were come again out of captivity, and</del> <ins>Israel who had returned from the captivity ate together with</ins> all <del>such as</del> <ins>who</ins> had separated themselves <del>unto them</del> from the <del>filthiness</del> <ins>filth</ins> of the <del>heathen</del> <ins>nations</ins> of the <del>land,</del> <ins>land in order</ins> to seek the LORD God of <del>Israel, did eat,</del> <ins>Israel.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 6:22]</b> And <ins>they</ins> kept the <del>feast</del> <ins>Feast</ins> of <del>unleavened bread</del> <ins>Unleavened Bread</ins> seven days with <del>joy:</del> <ins>joy;</ins> for the LORD <del>had</del> made them joyful, and turned the heart of the king of Assyria <del>unto</del> <ins>toward</ins> them, to strengthen their hands in the work of the house of God, the God of Israel.</p><p><b>[Ezra 7:2]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>the</ins> son of Shallum, the son of Zadok, the son of Ahitub,</p><p><b>[Ezra 7:3]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>the</ins> son of Amariah, the son of Azariah, the son of Meraioth,</p><p><b>[Ezra 7:4]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>the</ins> son of Zerahiah, the son of Uzzi, the son of Bukki,</p><p><b>[Ezra 7:5]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>the</ins> son of Abishua, the son of Phinehas, the son of Eleazar, the son of Aaron the chief <del>priest:</del> <ins>priest--</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 7:6]</b> <del>This</del> <ins>this</ins> Ezra <del>went</del> <ins>came</ins> up from Babylon; and he was a <del>ready</del> <ins>skilled</ins> scribe in the <del>law</del> <ins>Law</ins> of Moses, which the LORD God of Israel had <del>given: and the</del> <ins>given. The</ins> king granted him all his request, according to the hand of the LORD his God upon him.</p><p><b>[Ezra 7:7]</b> <del>And there went up some</del> <ins>Some</ins> of the children of Israel, <del>and of</del> the priests, <del>and</del> the Levites, <del>and</del> the singers, <ins>the gatekeepers,</ins> and the <del>porters, and the Nethinims, unto Jerusalem,</del> <ins>Nethinim came up to Jerusalem</ins> in the seventh year of <del>Artaxerxes the king.</del> <ins>King Artaxerxes.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 7:8]</b> And <del>he</del> <ins>Ezra</ins> came to Jerusalem in the fifth month, which was in the seventh year of the king.</p><p><b>[Ezra 7:9]</b> <del>For upon</del> <ins>On</ins> the first day of the first month <del>began</del> he <del>to go up</del> <ins>began his journey</ins> from Babylon, and on the first day of the fifth month <del>came</del> he <ins>came</ins> to Jerusalem, according to the good hand of his God upon him.</p><p><b>[Ezra 7:10]</b> For Ezra had prepared his heart to seek the <del>law</del> <ins>Law</ins> of the LORD, and to do it, and to teach <del>in Israel</del> statutes and <del>judgments.</del> <ins>ordinances in Israel.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 7:11]</b> <del>Now this</del> <ins>This</ins> is <del>the</del> <ins>a</ins> copy of the letter that <del>the king</del> <ins>King</ins> Artaxerxes gave <del>unto</del> Ezra the priest, the scribe, <del>even a scribe of</del> <ins>expert in</ins> the words of the commandments of the LORD, and of <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> statutes to <del>Israel.</del> <ins>Israel:</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 7:12]</b> Artaxerxes, king of kings, <del>unto</del> <ins>To</ins> Ezra the priest, a scribe of the <del>law</del> <ins>Law</ins> of the God of <del>heaven, perfect</del> <ins>heaven: Perfect</ins> peace, and <del>at such a time.</del> <ins>so forth.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 7:13]</b> I <del>make</del> <ins>issue</ins> a <del>decree,</del> <ins>decree</ins> that all <del>they</del> <ins>those</ins> of the people of <del>Israel,</del> <ins>Israel</ins> and <del>of his</del> <ins>the</ins> priests and <del>Levites,</del> <ins>Levites</ins> in my realm, <del>which are minded of their own freewill</del> <ins>who volunteer</ins> to go up to Jerusalem, <ins>may</ins> go with <del>thee.</del> <ins>you.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 7:14]</b> <del>Forasmuch as thou art</del> <ins>And whereas you are being</ins> sent <del>of</del> <ins>by</ins> the <del>king,</del> <ins>king</ins> and <del>of</del> his seven <del>counsellors,</del> <ins>counselors</ins> to <del>enquire</del> <ins>inquire</ins> concerning Judah and Jerusalem, <del>according</del> <ins>with regard</ins> to the <del>law</del> <ins>Law</ins> of <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> God which is in <del>thine</del> <ins>your</ins> hand;</p><p><b>[Ezra 7:15]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and whereas you are</ins> to carry the silver and <del>gold,</del> <ins>gold</ins> which the king and his <del>counsellors</del> <ins>counselors</ins> have freely offered <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the God of Israel, whose <del>habitation</del> <ins>dwelling</ins> is in <del>Jerusalem,</del> <ins>Jerusalem;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 7:16]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and whereas</ins> all the silver and gold that <del>thou canst</del> <ins>you may</ins> find in all the province of Babylon, <ins>along</ins> with the freewill offering of the <del>people,</del> <ins>people</ins> and <del>of</del> the priests, <del>offering willingly</del> <ins>are to be freely offered</ins> for the house of their God <del>which is</del> in <del>Jerusalem:</del> <ins>Jerusalem--</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 7:17]</b> <del>That thou mayest</del> <ins>now therefore, be careful to</ins> buy <del>speedily</del> with this money <del>bullocks,</del> <ins>bulls,</ins> rams, <ins>and</ins> lambs, with their <del>meat</del> <ins>grain</ins> offerings and their drink offerings, and offer them <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> the altar of the house of your God <del>which is</del> in Jerusalem.</p><p><b>[Ezra 7:18]</b> And <del>whatsoever shall seem</del> <ins>whatever seems</ins> good to <del>thee,</del> <ins>you</ins> and <del>to thy brethren,</del> <ins>your brethren</ins> to do with the rest of the silver and the gold, <del>that</del> do <del>after</del> <ins>it according to</ins> the will of your God.</p><p><b>[Ezra 7:19]</b> <del>The vessels also</del> <ins>Also the articles</ins> that are given <del>thee</del> <ins>to you</ins> for the service of the house of <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> God, <del>those</del> deliver <del>thou</del> <ins>in full</ins> before the God of Jerusalem.</p><p><b>[Ezra 7:20]</b> And <del>whatsoever</del> <ins>whatever</ins> more <del>shall</del> <ins>may</ins> be <del>needful</del> <ins>needed</ins> for the house of <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> God, which <del>thou shalt</del> <ins>you may</ins> have occasion to <del>bestow, bestow</del> <ins>provide, pay for</ins> it <del>out of</del> <ins>from</ins> the king's <del>treasure house.</del> <ins>treasury.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 7:21]</b> And I, even <del>I</del> <ins>I,</ins> Artaxerxes the king, <del>do make</del> <ins>issue</ins> a decree to all the treasurers <del>which</del> <ins>who</ins> are <ins>in the region</ins> beyond the <del>river,</del> <ins>River,</ins> that <del>whatsoever</del> <ins>whatever</ins> Ezra the priest, the scribe of the <del>law</del> <ins>Law</ins> of the God of heaven, <del>shall</del> <ins>may</ins> require of you, <ins>let</ins> it be done <del>speedily,</del> <ins>diligently,</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 7:22]</b> <del>Unto an</del> <ins>up to one</ins> hundred talents of silver, <del>and to an</del> <ins>one</ins> hundred <del>measures</del> <ins>kors</ins> of wheat, <del>and to an</del> <ins>one</ins> hundred baths of wine, <del>and to an</del> <ins>one</ins> hundred baths of oil, and salt without <del>prescribing how much.</del> <ins>prescribed limit.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 7:23]</b> <del>Whatsoever</del> <ins>Whatever</ins> is commanded by the God of heaven, let it <del>be</del> diligently <ins>be</ins> done for the house of the God of <del>heaven: for</del> <ins>heaven. For</ins> why should there be wrath against the realm of the king and his sons?</p><p><b>[Ezra 7:24]</b> Also we <del>certify you,</del> <ins>inform you</ins> that <del>touching any of the priests and Levites, singers, porters, Nethinims, or ministers of this house of God,</del> it shall not be lawful to impose <del>toll,</del> <ins>tax,</ins> tribute, or <del>custom, upon them.</del> <ins>custom on any of the priests, Levites, singers, gatekeepers, Nethinim, or servants of this house of God.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 7:25]</b> And <del>thou,</del> <ins>you,</ins> Ezra, <del>after the wisdom of thy God, that is in thine hand,</del> <ins>according to your God-given wisdom,</ins> set magistrates and <del>judges, which</del> <ins>judges who</ins> may judge all the people <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> are <ins>in the region</ins> beyond the <del>river,</del> <ins>River,</ins> all such as know the laws of <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> God; and teach <del>ye them that</del> <ins>those who do not</ins> know <del>them not.</del> <ins>them.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 7:26]</b> <del>And whosoever</del> <ins>Whoever</ins> will not <del>do</del> <ins>observe</ins> the law of <del>thy God,</del> <ins>your God</ins> and the law of the king, let judgment be executed speedily <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> him, whether it be <del>unto</del> death, or <del>to</del> banishment, or <del>to</del> confiscation of goods, or <del>to</del> imprisonment.</p><p><b>[Ezra 7:27]</b> Blessed be the LORD God of our fathers, <del>which hath</del> <ins>who has</ins> put such a thing as this in the king's heart, to beautify the house of the LORD which is in <del>Jerusalem:</del> <ins>Jerusalem,</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 7:28]</b> <del>And hath</del> <ins>and has</ins> extended mercy <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me before the <del>king,</del> <ins>king</ins> and his <del>counsellors,</del> <ins>counselors,</ins> and before all the king's mighty princes. <del>And</del> <ins>So</ins> I was <del>strengthened</del> <ins>encouraged,</ins> as the hand of the LORD my God was upon <del>me,</del> <ins>me;</ins> and I gathered <del>together out</del> <ins>leading men</ins> of Israel <del>chief men</del> to go up with me.</p><p><b>[Ezra 8:1]</b> These are <del>now</del> the <del>chief</del> <ins>heads</ins> of their <del>fathers,</del> <ins>fathers' houses,</ins> and this is the genealogy of <del>them that</del> <ins>those who</ins> went up with me from Babylon, in the reign of <del>Artaxerxes the king.</del> <ins>King Artaxerxes:</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:2]</b> <del>Of the sons of Phinehas; Gershom:</del> of the sons of <del>Ithamar; Daniel:</del> <ins>Phinehas, Gershom;</ins> of the sons of <del>David; Hattush.</del> <ins>Ithamar, Daniel; of the sons of David, Hattush;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:3]</b> <del>Of the sons of Shechaniah,</del> of the sons of <del>Pharosh; Zechariah:</del> <ins>Shecaniah, of the sons of Parosh, Zechariah;</ins> and <ins>registered</ins> with him were <del>reckoned by genealogy of the males an</del> <ins>one</ins> hundred and <del>fifty.</del> <ins>fifty males;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:4]</b> <del>Of</del> <ins>of</ins> the sons of <del>Pahathmoab; Elihoenai</del> <ins>Pahath-Moab, Eliehoenai</ins> the son of Zerahiah, and with him two hundred <del>males.</del> <ins>males;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:5]</b> <del>Of</del> <ins>of</ins> the sons of <del>Shechaniah; the son of Jahaziel,</del> <ins>Shechaniah, Ben-Jahaziel,</ins> and with him three hundred <del>males.</del> <ins>males;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:6]</b> <del>Of</del> <ins>of</ins> the sons <del>also</del> of <del>Adin;</del> <ins>Adin,</ins> Ebed the son of Jonathan, and with him fifty <del>males.</del> <ins>males;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:7]</b> <del>And</del> of the sons of <del>Elam;</del> <ins>Elam,</ins> Jeshaiah the son of Athaliah, and with him seventy <del>males.</del> <ins>males;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:8]</b> <del>And</del> of the sons of <del>Shephatiah;</del> <ins>Shephatiah,</ins> Zebadiah the son of Michael, and with him <del>fourscore males.</del> <ins>eighty males;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:9]</b> <del>Of</del> <ins>of</ins> the sons of <del>Joab;</del> <ins>Joab,</ins> Obadiah the son of Jehiel, and with him two hundred and eighteen <del>males.</del> <ins>males;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:10]</b> <del>And</del> of the sons of <del>Shelomith; the son of Josiphiah,</del> <ins>Shelomith, Ben-Josiphiah,</ins> and with him <del>an</del> <ins>one</ins> hundred and <del>threescore males.</del> <ins>sixty males;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:11]</b> <del>And</del> of the sons of <del>Bebai;</del> <ins>Bebai,</ins> Zechariah the son of Bebai, and with him <del>twenty and eight males.</del> <ins>twenty-eight males;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:12]</b> <del>And</del> of the sons of <del>Azgad;</del> <ins>Azgad,</ins> Johanan the son of Hakkatan, and with him <del>an</del> <ins>one</ins> hundred and ten <del>males.</del> <ins>males;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:13]</b> <del>And</del> of the last sons of Adonikam, whose names are <del>these, Eliphelet,</del> <ins>these--Eliphelet,</ins> Jeiel, and <del>Shemaiah, and</del> <ins>Shemaiah--and</ins> with them <del>threescore males.</del> <ins>sixty males;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:14]</b> <del>Of the sons</del> also of <del>Bigvai; Uthai,</del> <ins>the sons of Bigvai, Uthai</ins> and Zabbud, and with them seventy males.</p><p><b>[Ezra 8:15]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Now</ins> I gathered them <del>together to</del> <ins>by</ins> the river that <del>runneth</del> <ins>flows</ins> to <del>Ahava;</del> <ins>Ahava,</ins> and <del>there abode</del> we <del>in tents</del> <ins>camped there</ins> three <del>days: and</del> <ins>days. And</ins> I <del>viewed</del> <ins>looked among</ins> the <del>people,</del> <ins>people</ins> and the priests, and found <del>there</del> none of the sons of <del>Levi.</del> <ins>Levi there.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:16]</b> Then <del>sent</del> I <ins>sent</ins> for Eliezer, <del>for</del> Ariel, <del>for</del> Shemaiah, <del>and for</del> Elnathan, <del>and for</del> Jarib, <del>and for</del> Elnathan, <del>and for</del> Nathan, <del>and for</del> Zechariah, and <del>for</del> Meshullam, <del>chief men;</del> <ins>leaders;</ins> also for <del>Joiarib,</del> <ins>Joiarib</ins> and <del>for</del> Elnathan, men of understanding.</p><p><b>[Ezra 8:17]</b> And I <del>sent</del> <ins>gave</ins> them <del>with commandment unto</del> <ins>a command for</ins> Iddo the chief <ins>man</ins> at the place Casiphia, and I told them what they should say <del>unto Iddo, and</del> to <ins>Iddo and</ins> his brethren the <del>Nethinims,</del> <ins>Nethinim</ins> at the place <del>Casiphia, that</del> <ins>Casiphia--that</ins> they should bring <del>unto</del> us <del>ministers</del> <ins>servants</ins> for the house of our God.</p><p><b>[Ezra 8:18]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then,</ins> by the good hand of our God upon <del>us</del> <ins>us,</ins> they brought us a man of understanding, of the sons of <del>Mahli,</del> <ins>Mahli</ins> the son of Levi, the son of <del>Israel; and</del> <ins>Israel, namely</ins> Sherebiah, with his sons and <del>his brethren, eighteen;</del> <ins>brothers, eighteen men;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:19]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> Hashabiah, and with him Jeshaiah of the sons of Merari, his <del>brethren</del> <ins>brothers</ins> and their sons, <del>twenty;</del> <ins>twenty men;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:20]</b> <del>Also</del> <ins>also</ins> of the <del>Nethinims,</del> <ins>Nethinim,</ins> whom David and the <del>princes</del> <ins>leaders</ins> had appointed for the service of the Levites, two hundred and twenty <del>Nethinims: all</del> <ins>Nethinim. All</ins> of them were <del>expressed</del> <ins>designated</ins> by name.</p><p><b>[Ezra 8:21]</b> Then I proclaimed a fast <del>there,</del> <ins>there</ins> at the river of Ahava, that we might <del>afflict</del> <ins>humble</ins> ourselves before our God, to seek <del>of him a</del> <ins>from Him the</ins> right way for <del>us,</del> <ins>us</ins> and <del>for</del> our little <del>ones,</del> <ins>ones</ins> and <del>for</del> all our <del>substance.</del> <ins>possessions.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:22]</b> For I was ashamed to <del>require</del> <ins>request</ins> of the king <del>a band</del> <ins>an escort</ins> of soldiers and horsemen to help us against the enemy <del>in</del> <ins>on</ins> the <del>way:</del> <ins>road,</ins> because we had spoken <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the king, saying, <del>The</del> <ins>"The</ins> hand of our God is upon all <del>them</del> <ins>those</ins> for good <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> seek <del>him;</del> <ins>Him,</ins> but <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> power and <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> wrath <del>is</del> <ins>are</ins> against all <del>them that</del> <ins>those who</ins> forsake <del>him.</del> <ins>Him."</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:23]</b> So we fasted and <del>besought</del> <ins>entreated</ins> our God for <del>this:</del> <ins>this,</ins> and <del>he was intreated of us.</del> <ins>He answered our prayer.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:24]</b> <del>Then</del> <ins>And</ins> I separated twelve of the <del>chief</del> <ins>leaders</ins> of the <del>priests, Sherebiah,</del> <ins>priests--Sherebiah,</ins> Hashabiah, and ten of their brethren with <del>them,</del> <ins>them--</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:25]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> weighed <del>unto</del> <ins>out to</ins> them the silver, <del>and</del> the gold, and the <del>vessels, even</del> <ins>articles,</ins> the offering <del>of</del> <ins>for</ins> the house of our <del>God,</del> <ins>God</ins> which the <del>king,</del> <ins>king</ins> and his <del>counsellors,</del> <ins>counselors</ins> and his <del>lords,</del> <ins>princes,</ins> and all Israel <del>there</del> <ins>who were</ins> present, had <del>offered:</del> <ins>offered.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:26]</b> I <del>even</del> weighed <del>unto</del> <ins>into</ins> their hand six hundred and fifty talents of silver, <del>and</del> silver <del>vessels an</del> <ins>articles weighing one</ins> hundred talents, <del>and of gold an</del> <ins>one</ins> hundred <del>talents;</del> <ins>talents of gold,</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:27]</b> <del>Also</del> twenty <del>basons of gold, of</del> <ins>gold basins worth</ins> a thousand <del>drams;</del> <ins>drachmas,</ins> and two vessels of fine <del>copper,</del> <ins>polished bronze,</ins> precious as gold.</p><p><b>[Ezra 8:28]</b> And I said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> them, <del>Ye</del> <ins>"You</ins> are holy <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the LORD; the <del>vessels</del> <ins>articles</ins> are holy also; and the silver and the gold are a freewill offering <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the LORD God of your fathers.</p><p><b>[Ezra 8:29]</b> Watch <del>ye,</del> and keep <del>them,</del> <ins>them</ins> until <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> weigh them before the <del>chief</del> <ins>leaders</ins> of the priests and the <del>Levites,</del> <ins>Levites</ins> and <del>chief</del> <ins>heads</ins> of the <del>fathers</del> <ins>fathers' houses</ins> of <del>Israel, at</del> <ins>Israel in</ins> Jerusalem, in the chambers of the house of the <del>LORD.</del> <ins>LORD."</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:30]</b> So <del>took</del> the priests and the Levites <ins>received</ins> the <del>weight of the silver,</del> <ins>silver</ins> and the <del>gold,</del> <ins>gold</ins> and the <del>vessels,</del> <ins>articles by weight,</ins> to bring them to Jerusalem <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the house of our God.</p><p><b>[Ezra 8:31]</b> Then we departed from the river of Ahava on the twelfth day of the first month, to go <del>unto Jerusalem: and</del> <ins>to Jerusalem. And</ins> the hand of our God was upon us, and <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> delivered us from the hand of the <del>enemy,</del> <ins>enemy</ins> and <del>of such as lay in wait by</del> <ins>from ambush along</ins> the <del>way.</del> <ins>road.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:32]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>So</ins> we came to Jerusalem, and <del>abode</del> <ins>stayed</ins> there three days.</p><p><b>[Ezra 8:33]</b> Now on the fourth day <del>was</del> the silver and the gold and the <del>vessels</del> <ins>articles were</ins> weighed in the house of our God by the hand of Meremoth the son of Uriah the <del>priest;</del> <ins>priest,</ins> and with him was Eleazar the son of Phinehas; <del>and</del> with them <del>was</del> <ins>were the Levites,</ins> Jozabad the son of <del>Jeshua,</del> <ins>Jeshua</ins> and Noadiah the son of Binnui, <del>Levites;</del></p><p><b>[Ezra 8:34]</b> <del>By</del> <ins>with the</ins> number and <del>by</del> weight of <del>every one: and all</del> <ins>everything. All</ins> the weight was written <ins>down</ins> at that time.</p><p><b>[Ezra 8:35]</b> <del>Also the</del> <ins>The</ins> children of those <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> had been carried <del>away, which were</del> <ins>away captive, who had</ins> come <del>out of</del> <ins>from</ins> the captivity, offered burnt offerings <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the God of <del>Israel,</del> <ins>Israel:</ins> twelve <del>bullocks</del> <ins>bulls</ins> for all Israel, <del>ninety and six</del> <ins>ninety-six</ins> rams, <del>seventy and seven</del> <ins>seventy-seven</ins> lambs, <ins>and</ins> twelve <del>he</del> <ins>male</ins> goats <del>for</del> <ins>as</ins> a sin <del>offering: all</del> <ins>offering. All</ins> this was a burnt offering <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the LORD.</p><p><b>[Ezra 8:36]</b> And they delivered the king's <del>commissions unto the king's lieutenants, and</del> <ins>orders</ins> to the <del>governors on this side the river:</del> <ins>king's satraps</ins> and <del>they furthered</del> the <del>people,</del> <ins>governors in the region beyond the River. So they gave support to the people</ins> and the house of God.</p><p><b>[Ezra 9:1]</b> <del>Now when</del> <ins>When</ins> these things were done, the <del>princes</del> <ins>leaders</ins> came to me, saying, <del>The</del> <ins>"The</ins> people of <del>Israel,</del> <ins>Israel</ins> and the <del>priests,</del> <ins>priests</ins> and the <del>Levites,</del> <ins>Levites</ins> have not separated themselves from the <del>people</del> <ins>peoples</ins> of the lands, <del>doing according</del> <ins>with respect</ins> to <del>their abominations, even</del> <ins>the abominations</ins> of the Canaanites, the Hittites, the Perizzites, the Jebusites, the Ammonites, the Moabites, the Egyptians, and the Amorites.</p><p><b>[Ezra 9:2]</b> For they have taken <ins>some</ins> of their daughters <ins>as wives</ins> for <del>themselves,</del> <ins>themselves</ins> and <del>for</del> their <del>sons:</del> <ins>sons,</ins> so that the holy seed <del>have mingled themselves</del> <ins>is mixed</ins> with the <del>people</del> <ins>peoples</ins> of those <del>lands: yea,</del> <ins>lands. Indeed,</ins> the hand of the <del>princes</del> <ins>leaders</ins> and rulers <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> been <del>chief</del> <ins>foremost</ins> in this <del>trespass.</del> <ins>trespass."</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 9:3]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>So</ins> when I heard this thing, I <del>rent</del> <ins>tore</ins> my garment and my <del>mantle,</del> <ins>robe,</ins> and plucked <del>off</del> <ins>out some of</ins> the hair of my head and <del>of my</del> beard, and sat down <del>astonied.</del> <ins>astonished.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 9:4]</b> Then <del>were assembled unto me every one that</del> <ins>everyone who</ins> trembled at the words of the God of <del>Israel,</del> <ins>Israel assembled to me,</ins> because of the transgression of those <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> had been carried <del>away;</del> <ins>away captive,</ins> and I sat <del>astonied</del> <ins>astonished</ins> until the evening sacrifice.</p><p><b>[Ezra 9:5]</b> <del>And at</del> <ins>At</ins> the evening sacrifice I arose <del>up</del> from my <del>heaviness;</del> <ins>fasting;</ins> and having <del>rent</del> <ins>torn</ins> my garment and my <del>mantle,</del> <ins>robe,</ins> I fell <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> my <del>knees,</del> <ins>knees</ins> and spread out my hands <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the LORD my <del>God,</del> <ins>God.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 9:6]</b> And <del>said, O</del> <ins>I said: "O</ins> my God, I am <ins>too</ins> ashamed and <del>blush</del> <ins>humiliated</ins> to lift up my face to <del>thee,</del> <ins>You,</ins> my <del>God:</del> <ins>God;</ins> for our iniquities <del>are increased over</del> <ins>have risen higher than</ins> our <del>head,</del> <ins>heads,</ins> and our <del>trespass is</del> <ins>guilt has</ins> grown up <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the heavens.</p><p><b>[Ezra 9:7]</b> Since the days of our fathers <del>have we been in a great trespass unto</del> <ins>to</ins> this <del>day;</del> <ins>day we have been very guilty,</ins> and for our iniquities <del>have</del> we, our kings, and our <del>priests,</del> <ins>priests have</ins> been delivered into the hand of the kings of the lands, to the sword, to captivity, <ins>to plunder,</ins> and to <del>a spoil, and to confusion of face,</del> <ins>humiliation,</ins> as it is this day.</p><p><b>[Ezra 9:8]</b> And now for a little <del>space</del> <ins>while</ins> grace <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> been <del>shewed</del> <ins>shown</ins> from the LORD our God, to leave us a remnant to escape, and to give us a <del>nail</del> <ins>peg</ins> in <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> holy place, that our God may <del>lighten</del> <ins>enlighten</ins> our <del>eyes,</del> <ins>eyes</ins> and give us a <del>little reviving</del> <ins>measure of revival</ins> in our bondage.</p><p><b>[Ezra 9:9]</b> For we were <del>bondmen; yet</del> <ins>slaves. Yet</ins> our God <del>hath</del> <ins>did</ins> not <del>forsaken</del> <ins>forsake</ins> us in our <del>bondage,</del> <ins>bondage;</ins> but <del>hath</del> <ins>He</ins> extended mercy <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> us in the sight of the kings of Persia, to <del>give us a reviving,</del> <ins>revive us,</ins> to <del>set up</del> <ins>repair</ins> the house of our God, <del>and</del> to <del>repair the desolations thereof,</del> <ins>rebuild its ruins,</ins> and to give us a wall in Judah and <del>in</del> Jerusalem.</p><p><b>[Ezra 9:10]</b> And now, O our God, what shall we say after this? <del>for</del> <ins>For</ins> we have forsaken <del>thy</del> <ins>Your</ins> commandments,</p><p><b>[Ezra 9:11]</b> <del>Which thou hast</del> <ins>which You</ins> commanded by <del>thy</del> <ins>Your</ins> servants the prophets, saying, <del>The land, unto</del> <ins>"The land</ins> which <del>ye go</del> <ins>you are entering</ins> to possess <del>it,</del> is an unclean <del>land</del> <ins>land,</ins> with the <del>filthiness</del> <ins>uncleanness</ins> of the <del>people</del> <ins>peoples</ins> of the lands, with their <del>abominations,</del> <ins>abominations</ins> which have filled it from one end to another with their <del>uncleanness.</del> <ins>impurity.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 9:12]</b> Now <del>therefore give</del> <ins>therefore, do</ins> not <ins>give</ins> your daughters <del>unto</del> <ins>as wives for</ins> their sons, <del>neither</del> <ins>nor</ins> take their daughters <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> your <del>sons, nor</del> <ins>sons; and never</ins> seek their peace or <del>their wealth for ever:</del> <ins>prosperity,</ins> that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> may be <del>strong,</del> <ins>strong</ins> and eat the good of the land, and leave it <del>for</del> <ins>as</ins> an inheritance to your children <del>for ever.</del> <ins>forever.'</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 9:13]</b> And after all that <del>is</del> <ins>has</ins> come upon us for our evil <del>deeds,</del> <ins>deeds</ins> and for our great <del>trespass, seeing that thou</del> <ins>guilt, since You</ins> our God <del>hast</del> <ins>have</ins> punished us less than our iniquities deserve, and <del>hast</del> <ins>have</ins> given us such deliverance as <del>this;</del> <ins>this,</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 9:14]</b> <del>Should</del> <ins>should</ins> we again break <del>thy</del> <ins>Your</ins> commandments, and join in <del>affinity</del> <ins>marriage</ins> with the people <del>of</del> <ins>committing</ins> these abominations? <del>wouldest</del> <ins>Would You</ins> not <del>thou</del> be angry with us <del>till thou hadst</del> <ins>until You had</ins> consumed us, so that there <del>should</del> <ins>would</ins> be no remnant <del>nor escaping?</del> <ins>or survivor?</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 9:15]</b> O LORD God of Israel, <del>thou art righteous:</del> <ins>You are righteous,</ins> for we <del>remain yet escaped,</del> <ins>are left as a remnant,</ins> as it is this <del>day: behold,</del> <ins>day. Here</ins> we are before <del>thee</del> <ins>You,</ins> in our <del>trespasses: for we cannot</del> <ins>guilt, though no one can</ins> stand before <del>thee</del> <ins>You</ins> because of <del>this.</del> <ins>this!"</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:1]</b> Now <del>when</del> <ins>while</ins> Ezra <del>had prayed,</del> <ins>was praying,</ins> and <del>when</del> <ins>while</ins> he <del>had confessed, weeping</del> <ins>was confessing, weeping,</ins> and <del>casting himself</del> <ins>bowing</ins> down before the house of God, <del>there assembled unto him out of Israel</del> a very <del>great congregation</del> <ins>large assembly</ins> of <del>men</del> <ins>men, women,</ins> and <del>women and children:</del> <ins>children gathered to him from Israel;</ins> for the people wept very <del>sore.</del> <ins>bitterly.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:2]</b> And Shechaniah the son of Jehiel, one of the sons of Elam, <del>answered</del> <ins>spoke up</ins> and said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> Ezra, <del>We</del> <ins>"We</ins> have trespassed against our God, and have taken <del>strange</del> <ins>pagan</ins> wives <ins>from the peoples</ins> of the <del>people of the land:</del> <ins>land;</ins> yet now there is hope in Israel <del>concerning this thing.</del> <ins>in spite of this.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:3]</b> Now <del>therefore</del> <ins>therefore,</ins> let us make a covenant with our God to put away all <del>the wives,</del> <ins>these wives</ins> and <del>such as are</del> <ins>those who have been</ins> born <del>of</del> <ins>to</ins> them, according to the <del>counsel</del> <ins>advice</ins> of my <del>lord,</del> <ins>master</ins> and of those <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> tremble at the commandment of our God; and let it be done according to the law.</p><p><b>[Ezra 10:4]</b> <del>Arise;</del> <ins>Arise,</ins> for this matter <del>belongeth unto thee: we</del> <ins>is your responsibility. We</ins> also <del>will be</del> <ins>are</ins> with <del>thee: be</del> <ins>you. Be</ins> of good courage, and do <del>it.</del> <ins>it."</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:5]</b> Then <del>arose Ezra,</del> <ins>Ezra arose,</ins> and made the <del>chief</del> <ins>leaders of the</ins> priests, the Levites, and all <del>Israel, to</del> <ins>Israel</ins> swear <ins>an oath</ins> that they <del>should</del> <ins>would</ins> do according to this word. <del>And</del> <ins>So</ins> they <del>sware.</del> <ins>swore an oath.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:6]</b> Then Ezra rose up from before the house of God, and went into the chamber of <del>Johanan</del> <ins>Jehohanan</ins> the son of <del>Eliashib:</del> <ins>Eliashib;</ins> and when he came <del>thither,</del> <ins>there,</ins> he <del>did eat</del> <ins>ate</ins> no <del>bread, nor drink water:</del> <ins>bread and drank no water,</ins> for he mourned because of the <del>transgression</del> <ins>guilt</ins> of <del>them that had been carried away.</del> <ins>those from the captivity.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:7]</b> And they <del>made</del> <ins>issued a</ins> proclamation throughout Judah and Jerusalem <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> all the <del>children</del> <ins>descendants</ins> of the captivity, that they <del>should</del> <ins>must</ins> gather <del>themselves together unto Jerusalem;</del> <ins>at Jerusalem,</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:8]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> that <del>whosoever</del> <ins>whoever</ins> would not come within three days, according to the <del>counsel</del> <ins>instructions</ins> of the <del>princes</del> <ins>leaders</ins> and <del>the</del> elders, all his <del>substance should</del> <ins>property would</ins> be <del>forfeited,</del> <ins>confiscated,</ins> and <ins>he</ins> himself <ins>would be</ins> separated from the <del>congregation</del> <ins>assembly</ins> of those <del>that had been carried away.</del> <ins>from the captivity.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:9]</b> <del>Then</del> <ins>So</ins> all the men of Judah and Benjamin gathered <del>themselves together unto</del> <ins>at</ins> Jerusalem within three days. It was the ninth month, on the twentieth <del>day</del> of the month; and all the people sat in the <del>street</del> <ins>open square</ins> of the house of God, trembling because of this <del>matter,</del> <ins>matter</ins> and <del>for the great</del> <ins>because of heavy</ins> rain.</p><p><b>[Ezra 10:10]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> Ezra the priest stood <del>up,</del> <ins>up</ins> and said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> them, <del>Ye</del> <ins>"You</ins> have <del>transgressed,</del> <ins>transgressed</ins> and have taken <del>strange</del> <ins>pagan</ins> wives, <ins>adding</ins> to <del>increase</del> the <del>trespass</del> <ins>guilt</ins> of Israel.</p><p><b>[Ezra 10:11]</b> Now <del>therefore</del> <ins>therefore,</ins> make confession <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the LORD God of your fathers, and do <del>his pleasure: and</del> <ins>His will;</ins> separate yourselves from the <del>people</del> <ins>peoples</ins> of the land, and from the <del>strange wives.</del> <ins>pagan wives."</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:12]</b> Then all the <del>congregation</del> <ins>assembly</ins> answered and said with a loud voice, <ins>"Yes!</ins> As <del>thou hast</del> <ins>you have</ins> said, so <del>must</del> we <ins>must</ins> do.</p><p><b>[Ezra 10:13]</b> But <del>the people</del> <ins>there</ins> are <del>many, and</del> <ins>many people;</ins> it is <del>a time of much</del> <ins>the season for heavy</ins> rain, and we are not able to stand <del>without, neither</del> <ins>outside. Nor</ins> is this <del>a</del> <ins>the</ins> work of one <del>day</del> or <del>two:</del> <ins>two days,</ins> for <del>we</del> <ins>there</ins> are many <del>that</del> <ins>of us who</ins> have transgressed in this <del>thing.</del> <ins>matter.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:14]</b> <del>Let now our rulers of all</del> <ins>Please, let</ins> the <del>congregation stand,</del> <ins>leaders of our entire assembly stand;</ins> and let all <del>them which have taken strange wives</del> <ins>those</ins> in our cities <ins>who have taken pagan wives</ins> come at appointed times, <del>and</del> <ins>together</ins> with <del>them</del> the elders <del>of every city,</del> and <del>the</del> judges <del>thereof,</del> <ins>of their cities,</ins> until the fierce wrath of our God <del>for this matter be</del> <ins>is</ins> turned <ins>away</ins> from <del>us.</del> <ins>us in this matter."</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:15]</b> Only Jonathan the son of Asahel and Jahaziah the son of Tikvah <del>were employed about this matter:</del> <ins>opposed this,</ins> and Meshullam and Shabbethai the Levite <del>helped them.</del> <ins>gave them support.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:16]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> the <del>children</del> <ins>descendants</ins> of the captivity did so. And Ezra the priest, with certain <del>chief</del> <ins>heads</ins> of the <del>fathers, after</del> <ins>fathers' households, were set apart by</ins> the <del>house of their fathers, and all</del> <ins>fathers' households, each</ins> of them by <del>their names, were separated,</del> <ins>name;</ins> and <ins>they</ins> sat down <del>in</del> <ins>on</ins> the first day of the tenth month to examine the matter.</p><p><b>[Ezra 10:17]</b> <del>And they made an end with all the men that had taken strange wives by</del> <ins>By</ins> the first day of the first <del>month.</del> <ins>month they finished questioning all the men who had taken pagan wives.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:18]</b> And among the sons of the priests <del>there were found that</del> <ins>who</ins> had taken <del>strange wives: namely,</del> <ins>pagan wives the following were found</ins> of the sons of Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and his <del>brethren;</del> <ins>brothers:</ins> Maaseiah, <del>and</del> Eliezer, <del>and</del> Jarib, and Gedaliah.</p><p><b>[Ezra 10:19]</b> And they gave their <del>hands</del> <ins>promise</ins> that they would put away their wives; and being guilty, they <del>offered</del> <ins>presented</ins> a ram of the flock <del>for</del> <ins>as</ins> their <del>trespass.</del> <ins>trespass offering.</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:20]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Also</ins> of the sons of <del>Immer; Hanani,</del> <ins>Immer: Hanani</ins> and <del>Zebadiah.</del> <ins>Zebadiah;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:21]</b> <del>And</del> of the sons of <del>Harim;</del> <ins>Harim:</ins> Maaseiah, <del>and</del> Elijah, <del>and</del> Shemaiah, <del>and</del> Jehiel, and <del>Uzziah.</del> <ins>Uzziah;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:22]</b> <del>And</del> of the sons of <del>Pashur;</del> <ins>Pashhur:</ins> Elioenai, Maaseiah, Ishmael, <del>Nethaneel,</del> <ins>Nethanel,</ins> Jozabad, and Elasah.</p><p><b>[Ezra 10:23]</b> Also of the <del>Levites;</del> <ins>Levites:</ins> Jozabad, <del>and</del> Shimei, <del>and Kelaiah,</del> <ins>Kelaiah</ins> (the same is <del>Kelita,)</del> <ins>Kelita),</ins> Pethahiah, Judah, and Eliezer.</p><p><b>[Ezra 10:24]</b> <del>Of</del> <ins>Also of</ins> the <del>singers also; Eliashib:</del> <ins>singers: Eliashib;</ins> and of the <del>porters;</del> <ins>gatekeepers:</ins> Shallum, <del>and</del> Telem, and Uri.</p><p><b>[Ezra 10:25]</b> <del>Moreover</del> <ins>And others</ins> of Israel: of the sons of <del>Parosh;</del> <ins>Parosh:</ins> Ramiah, <del>and</del> Jeziah, <del>and</del> Malchiah, <del>and Miamin, and</del> <ins>Mijamin,</ins> Eleazar, <del>and</del> Malchijah, and <del>Benaiah.</del> <ins>Benaiah;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:26]</b> <del>And</del> of the sons of <del>Elam;</del> <ins>Elam:</ins> Mattaniah, Zechariah, <del>and</del> Jehiel, <del>and</del> Abdi, <del>and</del> Jeremoth, and <del>Eliah.</del> <ins>Eliah;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:27]</b> <del>And</del> of the sons of <del>Zattu;</del> <ins>Zattu:</ins> Elioenai, Eliashib, Mattaniah, <del>and</del> Jeremoth, <del>and</del> Zabad, and <del>Aziza.</del> <ins>Aziza;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:28]</b> <del>Of</del> <ins>of</ins> the sons <del>also</del> of <del>Bebai;</del> <ins>Bebai:</ins> Jehohanan, Hananiah, Zabbai, and <del>Athlai.</del> <ins>Athlai;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:29]</b> <del>And</del> of the sons of <del>Bani;</del> <ins>Bani:</ins> Meshullam, Malluch, <del>and</del> Adaiah, Jashub, <del>and</del> Sheal, and <del>Ramoth.</del> <ins>Ramoth;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:30]</b> <del>And</del> of the sons of <del>Pahathmoab;</del> <ins>Pahath-Moab:</ins> Adna, <del>and</del> Chelal, Benaiah, Maaseiah, Mattaniah, <del>Bezaleel, and</del> <ins>Bezalel,</ins> Binnui, and <del>Manasseh.</del> <ins>Manasseh;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:31]</b> <del>And</del> of the sons of <del>Harim;</del> <ins>Harim:</ins> Eliezer, Ishijah, <del>Malchiah,</del> <ins>Malchijah,</ins> Shemaiah, Shimeon,</p><p><b>[Ezra 10:32]</b> Benjamin, Malluch, and <del>Shemariah.</del> <ins>Shemariah;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:33]</b> <del>Of</del> <ins>of</ins> the sons of <del>Hashum;</del> <ins>Hashum:</ins> Mattenai, <del>Mattathah,</del> <ins>Mattattah,</ins> Zabad, Eliphelet, Jeremai, Manasseh, and <del>Shimei.</del> <ins>Shimei;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:34]</b> <del>Of</del> <ins>of</ins> the sons of <del>Bani;</del> <ins>Bani:</ins> Maadai, Amram, <del>and</del> Uel,</p><p><b>[Ezra 10:35]</b> Benaiah, Bedeiah, <del>Chelluh,</del> <ins>Cheluh,</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:37]</b> Mattaniah, Mattenai, <del>and Jaasau,</del> <ins>Jaasai,</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:38]</b> <del>And</del> Bani, <del>and</del> Binnui, Shimei,</p><p><b>[Ezra 10:39]</b> <del>And</del> Shelemiah, <del>and</del> Nathan, <del>and</del> Adaiah,</p><p><b>[Ezra 10:41]</b> <del>Azareel, and</del> <ins>Azarel,</ins> Shelemiah, Shemariah,</p><p><b>[Ezra 10:42]</b> Shallum, Amariah, and <del>Joseph.</del> <ins>Joseph;</ins></p><p><b>[Ezra 10:43]</b> <del>Of</del> <ins>of</ins> the sons of <del>Nebo;</del> <ins>Nebo:</ins> Jeiel, Mattithiah, Zabad, Zebina, <del>Jadau, and</del> <ins>Jaddai,</ins> Joel, <ins>and</ins> Benaiah.</p><p><b>[Ezra 10:44]</b> All these had taken <del>strange wives:</del> <ins>pagan wives,</ins> and some of them had wives by whom they had children.</p>