<p><b>[Galatians 1:1]</b> Paul, an <del>apostle,</del> <ins>apostle</ins> (not <del>of men, neither by</del> <ins>from men nor through</ins> man, but <del>by</del> <ins>through</ins> Jesus <del>Christ,</del> <ins>Christ</ins> and God the <del>Father,</del> <ins>Father</ins> who raised <del>him</del> <ins>Him</ins> from the <del>dead;)</del> <ins>dead),</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 1:2]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> all the brethren <del>which</del> <ins>who</ins> are with me, <del>unto</del> <ins>To</ins> the churches of Galatia:</p><p><b>[Galatians 1:3]</b> Grace <del>be</del> to you and peace from God the <del>Father,</del> <ins>Father</ins> and <del>from</del> our Lord Jesus Christ,</p><p><b>[Galatians 1:4]</b> <del>Who</del> <ins>who</ins> gave <del>himself</del> <ins>Himself</ins> for our sins, that <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> might deliver us from this present evil <del>world,</del> <ins>age,</ins> according to the will of <ins>our</ins> God and <del>our Father:</del> <ins>Father,</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 1:5]</b> <del>To</del> <ins>to</ins> whom be glory <del>for ever</del> <ins>forever</ins> and ever. Amen.</p><p><b>[Galatians 1:6]</b> I marvel that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> are <ins>turning away</ins> so soon <del>removed</del> from <del>him that</del> <ins>Him who</ins> called you <del>into</del> <ins>in</ins> the grace of <del>Christ unto another gospel:</del> <ins>Christ, to a different gospel,</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 1:7]</b> <del>Which</del> <ins>which</ins> is not another; but there <del>be</del> <ins>are</ins> some <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> trouble <del>you,</del> <ins>you</ins> and <del>would</del> <ins>want to</ins> pervert the gospel of Christ.</p><p><b>[Galatians 1:8]</b> But <del>though</del> <ins>even if</ins> we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> you than <del>that which</del> <ins>what</ins> we have preached <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> you, let him be accursed.</p><p><b>[Galatians 1:9]</b> As we <ins>have</ins> said before, so <del>say I</del> now <ins>I say</ins> again, if <del>any man preach</del> <ins>anyone preaches</ins> any other gospel <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> you than <del>that ye</del> <ins>what you</ins> have received, let him be accursed.</p><p><b>[Galatians 1:10]</b> For do I now persuade men, or God? <del>or</del> <ins>Or</ins> do I seek to please men? <del>for</del> <ins>For</ins> if I <del>yet</del> <ins>still</ins> pleased men, I <del>should</del> <ins>would</ins> not be <del>the servant</del> <ins>a bondservant</ins> of Christ.</p><p><b>[Galatians 1:11]</b> But I <del>certify</del> <ins>make known to</ins> you, brethren, that the gospel which was preached <del>of</del> <ins>by</ins> me is not <del>after</del> <ins>according to</ins> man.</p><p><b>[Galatians 1:12]</b> For I neither received it <del>of</del> <ins>from</ins> man, <del>neither</del> <ins>nor</ins> was I taught it, but <del>by</del> <ins>it came through</ins> the revelation of Jesus Christ.</p><p><b>[Galatians 1:13]</b> For <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> have heard of my <del>conversation</del> <ins>former conduct</ins> in <del>time past in the Jews' religion,</del> <ins>Judaism,</ins> how <del>that beyond measure</del> I persecuted the church of <del>God,</del> <ins>God beyond measure</ins> and <del>wasted it:</del> <ins>tried to destroy it.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 1:14]</b> And <del>profited</del> <ins>I advanced</ins> in <del>the Jews' religion above</del> <ins>Judaism beyond</ins> many <ins>of</ins> my <del>equals</del> <ins>contemporaries</ins> in <del>mine</del> <ins>my</ins> own nation, being more exceedingly zealous <del>of</del> <ins>for</ins> the traditions of my fathers.</p><p><b>[Galatians 1:15]</b> But when it pleased God, who separated me from my mother's <del>womb,</del> <ins>womb</ins> and called me <del>by his</del> <ins>through His</ins> grace,</p><p><b>[Galatians 1:16]</b> <del>To</del> <ins>to</ins> reveal <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> Son in me, that I might preach <del>him</del> <ins>Him</ins> among the <del>heathen; immediately</del> <ins>Gentiles,</ins> I <del>conferred</del> <ins>did</ins> not <ins>immediately confer</ins> with flesh and <del>blood:</del> <ins>blood,</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 1:17]</b> <del>Neither went</del> <ins>nor did</ins> I <ins>go</ins> up to Jerusalem to <del>them which</del> <ins>those who</ins> were apostles before me; but I went <del>into</del> <ins>to</ins> Arabia, and returned again <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> Damascus.</p><p><b>[Galatians 1:18]</b> Then after three years I went up to Jerusalem to see Peter, and <del>abode</del> <ins>remained</ins> with him fifteen days.</p><p><b>[Galatians 1:19]</b> But <del>other</del> <ins>I saw none</ins> of the <ins>other</ins> apostles <del>saw I none, save James</del> <ins>except James,</ins> the Lord's brother.</p><p><b>[Galatians 1:20]</b> <del>Now</del> <ins>(Now concerning</ins> the things which I write <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> you, <del>behold,</del> <ins>indeed,</ins> before God, I <del>lie not.</del> <ins>do not lie.)</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 1:21]</b> <del>Afterwards</del> <ins>Afterward</ins> I <del>came</del> <ins>went</ins> into the regions of Syria and <del>Cilicia;</del> <ins>Cilicia.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 1:22]</b> And <ins>I</ins> was unknown by face <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the churches of <del>Judaea</del> <ins>Judea</ins> which were in <del>Christ:</del> <ins>Christ.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 1:23]</b> But they <del>had heard</del> <ins>were hearing</ins> only, <del>That he which</del> <ins>"He who formerly</ins> persecuted us <del>in times past</del> now <del>preacheth</del> <ins>preaches</ins> the faith which <del>once</del> he <del>destroyed.</del> <ins>once tried to destroy."</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 2:1]</b> Then <ins>after</ins> fourteen years <del>after</del> I went up again to Jerusalem with Barnabas, and <ins>also</ins> took Titus with <del>me also.</del> <ins>me.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 2:2]</b> And I went up by revelation, and communicated <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> them that gospel which I preach among the Gentiles, but privately to <del>them which</del> <ins>those who</ins> were of reputation, lest by any means I <del>should</del> <ins>might</ins> run, or had run, in vain.</p><p><b>[Galatians 2:3]</b> <del>But neither Titus,</del> <ins>Yet not even Titus</ins> who was with me, being a Greek, was compelled to be <del>circumcised:</del> <ins>circumcised.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 2:4]</b> And <del>that</del> <ins>this occurred</ins> because of false brethren <del>unawares</del> <ins>secretly</ins> brought <del>in, who</del> <ins>in (who</ins> came in <del>privily</del> <ins>by stealth</ins> to spy out our liberty which we have in Christ Jesus, that they might bring us into <del>bondage:</del> <ins>bondage),</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 2:5]</b> <del>To</del> <ins>to</ins> whom we <del>gave place by subjection, no,</del> <ins>did</ins> not <ins>yield submission even</ins> for an <del>hour;</del> <ins>hour,</ins> that the truth of the gospel might continue with you.</p><p><b>[Galatians 2:6]</b> But <del>of these</del> <ins>from those</ins> who seemed to be <del>somewhat, (whatsoever</del> <ins>something--whatever</ins> they were, it <del>maketh</del> <ins>makes</ins> no <del>matter</del> <ins>difference</ins> to <del>me:</del> <ins>me;</ins> God <del>accepteth</del> <ins>shows personal favoritism to</ins> no <del>man's person:) for they</del> <ins>man--for those</ins> who seemed to be <del>somewhat in conference</del> <ins>something</ins> added nothing to <del>me:</del> <ins>me.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 2:7]</b> But <del>contrariwise,</del> <ins>on the contrary,</ins> when they saw that the gospel <del>of</del> <ins>for</ins> the <del>uncircumcision was</del> <ins>uncircumcised had been</ins> committed <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me, as the gospel <del>of</del> <ins>for</ins> the <del>circumcision</del> <ins>circumcised</ins> was <del>unto Peter;</del> <ins>to Peter</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 2:8]</b> <del>(For he that wrought effectually</del> <ins>(for He who worked effectively</ins> in Peter <del>to</del> <ins>for</ins> the apostleship <del>of</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>circumcision, the same was mighty</del> <ins>circumcised also worked effectively</ins> in me toward the <del>Gentiles:)</del> <ins>Gentiles),</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 2:9]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> when James, Cephas, and John, who seemed to be pillars, perceived the grace that <del>was</del> <ins>had been</ins> given <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me, they gave <del>to</del> me and Barnabas the right <del>hands</del> <ins>hand</ins> of <del>fellowship;</del> <ins>fellowship,</ins> that we should go <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>heathen,</del> <ins>Gentiles</ins> and they <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>circumcision.</del> <ins>circumcised.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 2:10]</b> <del>Only they would</del> <ins>They desired only</ins> that we should remember the <del>poor;</del> <ins>poor,</ins> the <del>same</del> <ins>very thing</ins> which I also was <del>forward</del> <ins>eager</ins> to do.</p><p><b>[Galatians 2:11]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>Now</ins> when Peter <del>was</del> <ins>had</ins> come to Antioch, I withstood him to <del>the</del> <ins>his</ins> face, because he was to be <del>blamed.</del> <ins>blamed;</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 2:12]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>for</ins> before <del>that</del> certain <ins>men</ins> came from James, he <del>did</del> <ins>would</ins> eat with the <del>Gentiles:</del> <ins>Gentiles;</ins> but when they <del>were come,</del> <ins>came,</ins> he withdrew and separated himself, fearing <del>them which</del> <ins>those who</ins> were of the circumcision.</p><p><b>[Galatians 2:13]</b> And the <del>other</del> <ins>rest of the</ins> Jews <del>dissembled likewise with him; insomuch that Barnabas</del> also <ins>played the hypocrite with him, so that even Barnabas</ins> was carried away with their <del>dissimulation.</del> <ins>hypocrisy.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 2:14]</b> But when I saw that they <del>walked</del> <ins>were</ins> not <del>uprightly according to</del> <ins>straightforward about</ins> the truth of the gospel, I said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> Peter before them all, <del>If thou,</del> <ins>"If you,</ins> being a Jew, <del>livest after</del> <ins>live in</ins> the manner of <del>Gentiles,</del> <ins>Gentiles</ins> and not as <del>do</del> the Jews, why <del>compellest thou the</del> <ins>do you compel</ins> Gentiles to live as <del>do the</del> Jews?</p><p><b>[Galatians 2:16]</b> <del>Knowing</del> <ins>knowing</ins> that a man is not justified by the works of the <del>law,</del> <ins>law</ins> but by <del>the</del> faith <del>of</del> <ins>in</ins> Jesus Christ, even we have believed in <del>Jesus Christ,</del> <ins>Christ Jesus,</ins> that we might be justified by <del>the</del> faith <del>of Christ,</del> <ins>in Christ</ins> and not by the works of the <del>law:</del> <ins>law;</ins> for by the works of the law <del>shall</del> no flesh <ins>shall</ins> be justified.</p><p><b>[Galatians 2:17]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>"But</ins> if, while we seek to be justified by Christ, we ourselves also are found sinners, is <del>therefore</del> Christ <del>the</del> <ins>therefore a</ins> minister of sin? <del>God forbid.</del> <ins>Certainly not!</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 2:18]</b> For if I build again <del>the</del> <ins>those</ins> things which I destroyed, I make myself a transgressor.</p><p><b>[Galatians 2:19]</b> For I through the law <del>am dead</del> <ins>died</ins> to the <del>law,</del> <ins>law</ins> that I might live <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> God.</p><p><b>[Galatians 2:20]</b> I <del>am</del> <ins>have been</ins> crucified with <del>Christ: nevertheless</del> <ins>Christ; it is no longer</ins> I <del>live; yet not I,</del> <ins>who live,</ins> but Christ <del>liveth</del> <ins>lives</ins> in <del>me:</del> <ins>me;</ins> and the life which I now live in the flesh I live by <del>the</del> faith <del>of</del> <ins>in</ins> the Son of God, who loved <del>me,</del> <ins>me</ins> and gave <del>himself</del> <ins>Himself</ins> for me.</p><p><b>[Galatians 2:21]</b> I do not <del>frustrate</del> <ins>set aside</ins> the grace of <del>God:</del> <ins>God;</ins> for if righteousness <del>come by</del> <ins>comes through</ins> the law, then Christ <del>is dead</del> <ins>died</ins> in <del>vain.</del> <ins>vain."</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 3:1]</b> O foolish <del>Galatians, who hath</del> <ins>Galatians! Who has</ins> bewitched <del>you,</del> <ins>you</ins> that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> should not obey the truth, before whose eyes Jesus Christ <del>hath been evidently set forth, crucified</del> <ins>was clearly portrayed</ins> among <del>you?</del> <ins>you as crucified?</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 3:2]</b> This only <del>would</del> I <ins>want to</ins> learn <del>of you, Received ye</del> <ins>from you: Did you receive</ins> the Spirit by the works of the law, or by the hearing of faith?</p><p><b>[Galatians 3:3]</b> Are <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> so foolish? <del>having</del> <ins>Having</ins> begun in the Spirit, are <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> now <ins>being</ins> made perfect by the flesh?</p><p><b>[Galatians 3:4]</b> Have <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> suffered so many things in <del>vain? if</del> <ins>vain--if indeed</ins> it <del>be yet</del> <ins>was</ins> in <del>vain.</del> <ins>vain?</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 3:5]</b> <ins>Therefore</ins> He <del>therefore that ministereth</del> <ins>who supplies the Spirit</ins> to you <del>the Spirit,</del> and <del>worketh</del> <ins>works</ins> miracles among you, <del>doeth he</del> <ins>does He do</ins> it by the works of the law, or by the hearing of <del>faith?</del> <ins>faith?--</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 3:6]</b> <del>Even</del> <ins>just</ins> as Abraham <del>believed</del> <ins>"believed</ins> God, and it was accounted to him for <del>righteousness.</del> <ins>righteousness."</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 3:7]</b> <del>Know ye therefore</del> <ins>Therefore know</ins> that <del>they which</del> <ins>only those who</ins> are of <del>faith, the same</del> <ins>faith</ins> are <del>the children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Abraham.</p><p><b>[Galatians 3:8]</b> And the <del>scripture,</del> <ins>Scripture,</ins> foreseeing that God would justify the <del>heathen through</del> <ins>Gentiles by</ins> faith, preached <del>before</del> the gospel <del>unto Abraham,</del> <ins>to Abraham beforehand,</ins> saying, <del>In thee shall</del> <ins>"In you</ins> all <ins>the</ins> nations <ins>shall</ins> be <del>blessed.</del> <ins>blessed."</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 3:9]</b> So then <del>they which be</del> <ins>those who are</ins> of faith are blessed with <del>faithful</del> <ins>believing</ins> Abraham.</p><p><b>[Galatians 3:10]</b> For as many as are of the works of the law are under the <del>curse:</del> <ins>curse;</ins> for it is written, <del>Cursed</del> <ins>"Cursed</ins> is <del>every one that continueth</del> <ins>everyone who does</ins> not <ins>continue</ins> in all things which are written in the book of the <del>law</del> <ins>law,</ins> to do <del>them.</del> <ins>them."</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 3:11]</b> But that no <del>man</del> <ins>one</ins> is justified by the law in the sight of <del>God, it</del> <ins>God</ins> is <del>evident: for, The</del> <ins>evident, for "the</ins> just shall live by <del>faith.</del> <ins>faith."</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 3:12]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Yet</ins> the law is not of <del>faith: but, The</del> <ins>faith, but "the</ins> man <del>that doeth</del> <ins>who does</ins> them shall live <del>in them.</del> <ins>by them."</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 3:13]</b> Christ <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> redeemed us from the curse of the law, <del>being made</del> <ins>having become</ins> a curse for <del>us: for</del> <ins>us (for</ins> it is written, <del>Cursed</del> <ins>"Cursed</ins> is <del>every one that hangeth</del> <ins>everyone who hangs</ins> on a <del>tree:</del> <ins>tree" ),</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 3:14]</b> <del>That</del> <ins>that</ins> the blessing of Abraham might come <del>on</del> <ins>upon</ins> the Gentiles <del>through Jesus Christ;</del> <ins>in Christ Jesus,</ins> that we might receive the promise of the Spirit through faith.</p><p><b>[Galatians 3:15]</b> Brethren, I speak <del>after</del> <ins>in</ins> the manner of <del>men;</del> <ins>men:</ins> Though it <del>be but</del> <ins>is only</ins> a man's covenant, yet if it <del>be</del> <ins>is</ins> confirmed, no <del>man disannulleth,</del> <ins>one annuls</ins> or <del>addeth thereto.</del> <ins>adds to it.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 3:16]</b> Now to Abraham and his <del>seed</del> <ins>Seed</ins> were the promises made. He <del>saith not, And</del> <ins>does not say, "And</ins> to <del>seeds,</del> <ins>seeds,"</ins> as of <del>many;</del> <ins>many,</ins> but as of one, <del>And</del> <ins>"And</ins> to <del>thy seed, which</del> <ins>your Seed," who</ins> is Christ.</p><p><b>[Galatians 3:17]</b> And this I say, that <del>the covenant, that was confirmed before of God in Christ,</del> the law, which was four hundred and thirty years <del>after,</del> <ins>later,</ins> cannot <del>disannul,</del> <ins>annul the covenant that was confirmed before by God in Christ,</ins> that it should make the promise of <del>none</del> <ins>no</ins> effect.</p><p><b>[Galatians 3:18]</b> For if the inheritance <del>be</del> <ins>is</ins> of the law, it is no <del>more</del> <ins>longer</ins> of <del>promise:</del> <ins>promise;</ins> but God gave it to Abraham by promise.</p><p><b>[Galatians 3:19]</b> <del>Wherefore</del> <ins>What purpose</ins> then <del>serveth</del> <ins>does</ins> the <del>law?</del> <ins>law serve?</ins> It was added because of transgressions, till the <del>seed</del> <ins>Seed</ins> should come to whom the promise was made; and it was <del>ordained by</del> <ins>appointed through</ins> angels <del>in</del> <ins>by</ins> the hand of a mediator.</p><p><b>[Galatians 3:20]</b> Now a mediator <del>is</del> <ins>does</ins> not <del>a mediator of one,</del> <ins>mediate for one only,</ins> but God is one.</p><p><b>[Galatians 3:21]</b> Is the law then against the promises of God? <del>God forbid: for</del> <ins>Certainly not! For</ins> if there had been a law given which could have given life, <del>verily</del> <ins>truly</ins> righteousness <del>should</del> <ins>would</ins> have been by the law.</p><p><b>[Galatians 3:22]</b> But the <del>scripture hath concluded</del> <ins>Scripture has confined</ins> all under sin, that the promise by faith <del>of</del> <ins>in</ins> Jesus Christ might be given to <del>them that</del> <ins>those who</ins> believe.</p><p><b>[Galatians 3:23]</b> But before faith came, we were kept under <ins>guard by</ins> the law, <del>shut up unto</del> <ins>kept for</ins> the faith which <del>should afterwards</del> <ins>would afterward</ins> be revealed.</p><p><b>[Galatians 3:24]</b> <del>Wherefore</del> <ins>Therefore</ins> the law was our <del>schoolmaster</del> <ins>tutor</ins> to bring us <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> Christ, that we might be justified by faith.</p><p><b>[Galatians 3:25]</b> But after <del>that</del> faith <del>is</del> <ins>has</ins> come, we are no longer under a <del>schoolmaster.</del> <ins>tutor.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 3:26]</b> For <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> are all <del>the children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of God <del>by</del> <ins>through</ins> faith in Christ Jesus.</p><p><b>[Galatians 3:27]</b> For as many of you as <del>have been</del> <ins>were</ins> baptized into Christ have put on Christ.</p><p><b>[Galatians 3:28]</b> There is neither Jew nor Greek, there is neither <del>bond</del> <ins>slave</ins> nor free, there is neither male nor <del>female:</del> <ins>female;</ins> for <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> are all one in Christ Jesus.</p><p><b>[Galatians 3:29]</b> And if <del>ye be</del> <ins>you are</ins> Christ's, then <ins>you</ins> are <del>ye</del> Abraham's seed, and heirs according to the promise.</p><p><b>[Galatians 4:1]</b> Now I <del>say, That</del> <ins>say that</ins> the heir, as long as he is a child, <del>differeth nothing</del> <ins>does not differ at all</ins> from a <del>servant,</del> <ins>slave,</ins> though he <del>be lord</del> <ins>is master</ins> of <del>all;</del> <ins>all,</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 4:2]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>but</ins> is under <del>tutors</del> <ins>guardians</ins> and <del>governors</del> <ins>stewards</ins> until the time appointed <del>of</del> <ins>by</ins> the father.</p><p><b>[Galatians 4:3]</b> Even so we, when we were children, were in bondage under the elements of the <del>world:</del> <ins>world.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 4:4]</b> But when the <del>fulness</del> <ins>fullness</ins> of the time <del>was</del> <ins>had</ins> come, God sent forth <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> Son, <del>made</del> <ins>born</ins> of a woman, <del>made</del> <ins>born</ins> under the law,</p><p><b>[Galatians 4:5]</b> <del>To</del> <ins>to</ins> redeem <del>them that</del> <ins>those who</ins> were under the law, that we might receive the adoption <del>of</del> <ins>as</ins> sons.</p><p><b>[Galatians 4:6]</b> And because <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> are sons, God <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> sent forth the Spirit of <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> Son into your hearts, <del>crying, Abba, Father.</del> <ins>crying out, "Abba, Father!"</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 4:7]</b> <del>Wherefore thou art</del> <ins>Therefore you are</ins> no <del>more</del> <ins>longer</ins> a <del>servant,</del> <ins>slave</ins> but a <del>son;</del> <ins>son,</ins> and if a son, then an heir of God through Christ.</p><p><b>[Galatians 4:8]</b> <del>Howbeit</del> <ins>But</ins> then, <ins>indeed,</ins> when <del>ye knew not God, ye</del> <ins>you</ins> did <del>service unto them</del> <ins>not know God, you served those</ins> which by nature are <del>no</del> <ins>not</ins> gods.</p><p><b>[Galatians 4:9]</b> But <del>now,</del> <ins>now</ins> after <del>that ye</del> <ins>you</ins> have known God, or rather are known <del>of</del> <ins>by</ins> God, how <ins>is it that you</ins> turn <del>ye</del> again to the weak and beggarly elements, <del>whereunto ye</del> <ins>to which you</ins> desire again to be in bondage?</p><p><b>[Galatians 4:10]</b> <del>Ye</del> <ins>You</ins> observe <del>days,</del> <ins>days</ins> and <del>months,</del> <ins>months</ins> and <del>times,</del> <ins>seasons</ins> and years.</p><p><b>[Galatians 4:11]</b> I am afraid <del>of</del> <ins>for</ins> you, lest I have <del>bestowed upon</del> <ins>labored for</ins> you <del>labour</del> in vain.</p><p><b>[Galatians 4:12]</b> Brethren, I <del>beseech you, be as I am;</del> <ins>urge you to become like me,</ins> for I <del>am as ye are: ye</del> <ins>became like you. You</ins> have not injured me at all.</p><p><b>[Galatians 4:13]</b> <del>Ye</del> <ins>You</ins> know <del>how through infirmity</del> <ins>that because</ins> of <del>the flesh</del> <ins>physical infirmity</ins> I preached the gospel <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> you at the first.</p><p><b>[Galatians 4:14]</b> And my <del>temptation</del> <ins>trial</ins> which was in my flesh <del>ye despised not, nor rejected;</del> <ins>you did not despise or reject,</ins> but <ins>you</ins> received me as an angel of God, even as Christ Jesus.</p><p><b>[Galatians 4:15]</b> <del>Where is</del> <ins>What</ins> then <ins>was</ins> the <del>blessedness ye spake of? for</del> <ins>blessing you enjoyed? For</ins> I bear you <del>record,</del> <ins>witness</ins> that, if <del>it had been</del> possible, <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> would have plucked out your own <del>eyes,</del> <ins>eyes</ins> and <del>have</del> given them to me.</p><p><b>[Galatians 4:16]</b> <del>Am</del> <ins>Have</ins> I therefore become your <del>enemy,</del> <ins>enemy</ins> because I tell you the truth?</p><p><b>[Galatians 4:17]</b> They zealously <del>affect</del> <ins>court</ins> you, but <del>not well; yea,</del> <ins>for no good; yes,</ins> they <del>would</del> <ins>want to</ins> exclude you, that <del>ye might affect</del> <ins>you may be zealous for</ins> them.</p><p><b>[Galatians 4:18]</b> But it is good to be <del>zealously affected always</del> <ins>zealous</ins> in a good <del>thing,</del> <ins>thing always,</ins> and not only when I am present with you.</p><p><b>[Galatians 4:19]</b> My little children, <del>of</del> <ins>for</ins> whom I <del>travail</del> <ins>labor</ins> in birth again until Christ <del>be</del> <ins>is</ins> formed in you,</p><p><b>[Galatians 4:20]</b> I <del>desire</del> <ins>would like</ins> to be present with you <del>now,</del> <ins>now</ins> and to change my <del>voice;</del> <ins>tone;</ins> for I <del>stand in doubt of</del> <ins>have doubts about</ins> you.</p><p><b>[Galatians 4:21]</b> Tell me, <del>ye that</del> <ins>you who</ins> desire to be under the law, do <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> not hear the law?</p><p><b>[Galatians 4:22]</b> For it is <del>written,</del> <ins>written</ins> that Abraham had two <del>sons,</del> <ins>sons:</ins> the one by a <del>bondmaid,</del> <ins>bondwoman,</ins> the other by a freewoman.</p><p><b>[Galatians 4:23]</b> But he who was of the bondwoman was born <del>after</del> <ins>according to</ins> the <del>flesh; but</del> <ins>flesh, and</ins> he of the freewoman <del>was by promise.</del> <ins>through promise,</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 4:24]</b> <del>Which</del> <ins>which</ins> things are <del>an allegory: for</del> <ins>symbolic. For</ins> these are the two <del>covenants;</del> <ins>covenants:</ins> the one from <del>the mount Sinai,</del> <ins>Mount Sinai</ins> which <del>gendereth</del> <ins>gives birth</ins> to bondage, which is <del>Agar.</del> <ins>Hagar--</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 4:25]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>for</ins> this <del>Agar</del> <ins>Hagar</ins> is <del>mount</del> <ins>Mount</ins> Sinai in Arabia, and <del>answereth</del> <ins>corresponds</ins> to Jerusalem which now is, and is in bondage with her <del>children.</del> <ins>children--</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 4:26]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>but the</ins> Jerusalem <del>which is</del> above is free, which is the mother of us all.</p><p><b>[Galatians 4:27]</b> For it is <del>written, Rejoice, thou barren that bearest not; break</del> <ins>written: "Rejoice, O barren, You who do not bear! Break</ins> forth and <del>cry, thou that travailest not: for</del> <ins>shout, You who are not in labor! For</ins> the desolate <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> many more children <del>than</del> <ins>Than</ins> she <del>which hath an husband.</del> <ins>who has a husband."</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 4:28]</b> Now we, brethren, as Isaac was, are <del>the</del> children of promise.</p><p><b>[Galatians 4:29]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>But,</ins> as <del>then</del> he <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> was born <del>after</del> <ins>according to</ins> the flesh <ins>then</ins> persecuted him <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> was born <del>after</del> <ins>according to</ins> the Spirit, even so it is now.</p><p><b>[Galatians 4:30]</b> Nevertheless what <del>saith</del> <ins>does</ins> the <del>scripture? Cast</del> <ins>Scripture say? "Cast</ins> out the bondwoman and her <del>son:</del> <ins>son,</ins> for the son of the bondwoman shall not be heir with the son of the <del>freewoman.</del> <ins>freewoman."</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 4:31]</b> So then, brethren, we are not children of the <del>bondwoman,</del> <ins>bondwoman</ins> but of the free.</p><p><b>[Galatians 5:1]</b> Stand fast therefore in the liberty <del>wherewith</del> <ins>by which</ins> Christ <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> made us free, and <del>be</del> <ins>do</ins> not <ins>be</ins> entangled again with <del>the</del> <ins>a</ins> yoke of bondage.</p><p><b>[Galatians 5:2]</b> <del>Behold, I Paul</del> <ins>Indeed I, Paul,</ins> say <del>unto you,</del> <ins>to you</ins> that if <del>ye be</del> <ins>you become</ins> circumcised, Christ <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> profit you nothing.</p><p><b>[Galatians 5:3]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>And</ins> I testify again to every man <del>that is circumcised,</del> <ins>who becomes circumcised</ins> that he is a debtor to <del>do</del> <ins>keep</ins> the whole law.</p><p><b>[Galatians 5:4]</b> <del>Christ is</del> <ins>You have</ins> become <del>of no effect unto you, whosoever of</del> <ins>estranged from Christ,</ins> you <del>are</del> <ins>who attempt to be</ins> justified by <del>the</del> law; <del>ye are</del> <ins>you have</ins> fallen from grace.</p><p><b>[Galatians 5:5]</b> For we through the Spirit <ins>eagerly</ins> wait for the hope of righteousness by faith.</p><p><b>[Galatians 5:6]</b> For in <del>Jesus</del> Christ <ins>Jesus</ins> neither circumcision <del>availeth any thing,</del> nor <del>uncircumcision;</del> <ins>uncircumcision avails anything,</ins> but faith <del>which worketh by</del> <ins>working through</ins> love.</p><p><b>[Galatians 5:7]</b> <del>Ye did run well; who did hinder</del> <ins>You ran well. Who hindered</ins> you <del>that ye should not obey</del> <ins>from obeying</ins> the truth?</p><p><b>[Galatians 5:8]</b> This persuasion <del>cometh</del> <ins>does</ins> not <del>of him that calleth</del> <ins>come from Him who calls</ins> you.</p><p><b>[Galatians 5:9]</b> A little leaven <del>leaveneth</del> <ins>leavens</ins> the whole lump.</p><p><b>[Galatians 5:10]</b> I have confidence in <del>you through</del> <ins>you, in</ins> the Lord, that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> will <del>be none otherwise minded:</del> <ins>have no other mind;</ins> but he <del>that troubleth</del> <ins>who troubles</ins> you shall bear his judgment, <del>whosoever</del> <ins>whoever</ins> he <del>be.</del> <ins>is.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 5:11]</b> And I, brethren, if I <del>yet</del> <ins>still</ins> preach circumcision, why do I <del>yet</del> <ins>still</ins> suffer persecution? <del>then is</del> <ins>Then</ins> the <del>offence</del> <ins>offense</ins> of the cross <ins>has</ins> ceased.</p><p><b>[Galatians 5:12]</b> I <ins>could wish that those who trouble you</ins> would <del>they were</del> even cut <del>off which trouble you.</del> <ins>themselves off!</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 5:13]</b> <del>For,</del> <ins>For you,</ins> brethren, <del>ye</del> have been called <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> liberty; only <del>use</del> <ins>do</ins> not <ins>use</ins> liberty <del>for</del> <ins>as</ins> an <del>occasion to</del> <ins>opportunity for</ins> the flesh, but <del>by</del> <ins>through</ins> love serve one another.</p><p><b>[Galatians 5:14]</b> For all the law is fulfilled in one word, even in <del>this; Thou shalt</del> <ins>this: "You shall</ins> love <del>thy neighbour</del> <ins>your neighbor</ins> as <del>thyself.</del> <ins>yourself."</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 5:15]</b> But if <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> bite and devour one another, <del>take heed that ye</del> <ins>beware lest you</ins> be <del>not</del> consumed <ins>by</ins> one <del>of another.</del> <ins>another!</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 5:16]</b> <del>This</del> I say <del>then,</del> <ins>then:</ins> Walk in the Spirit, and <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> shall not <del>fulfil</del> <ins>fulfill</ins> the lust of the flesh.</p><p><b>[Galatians 5:17]</b> For the flesh <del>lusteth</del> <ins>lusts</ins> against the Spirit, and the Spirit against the <del>flesh:</del> <ins>flesh;</ins> and these are contrary <del>the one</del> to <del>the other:</del> <ins>one another,</ins> so that <del>ye cannot</del> <ins>you do not</ins> do the things that <del>ye would.</del> <ins>you wish.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 5:18]</b> But if <del>ye be</del> <ins>you are</ins> led <del>of</del> <ins>by</ins> the Spirit, <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> are not under the law.</p><p><b>[Galatians 5:19]</b> Now the works of the flesh are <del>manifest,</del> <ins>evident,</ins> which <del>are these; Adultery,</del> <ins>are: adultery,</ins> fornication, uncleanness, <del>lasciviousness,</del> <ins>lewdness,</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 5:20]</b> <del>Idolatry, witchcraft,</del> <ins>idolatry, sorcery,</ins> hatred, <del>variance, emulations,</del> <ins>contentions, jealousies, outbursts of</ins> wrath, <del>strife, seditions,</del> <ins>selfish ambitions, dissensions,</ins> heresies,</p><p><b>[Galatians 5:21]</b> <del>Envyings,</del> <ins>envy,</ins> murders, drunkenness, <del>revellings,</del> <ins>revelries,</ins> and <del>such like: of</del> the <ins>like; of</ins> which I tell you <del>before,</del> <ins>beforehand, just</ins> as I <del>have</del> also told you in time past, that <del>they which do</del> <ins>those who practice</ins> such things <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> not inherit the kingdom of God.</p><p><b>[Galatians 5:22]</b> But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, <del>gentleness,</del> <ins>kindness,</ins> goodness, <del>faith,</del> <ins>faithfulness,</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 5:23]</b> <del>Meekness, temperance: against</del> <ins>gentleness, self-control. Against</ins> such there is no law.</p><p><b>[Galatians 5:24]</b> And <del>they that</del> <ins>those who</ins> are Christ's have crucified the flesh with <del>the affections</del> <ins>its passions</ins> and <del>lusts.</del> <ins>desires.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 5:26]</b> Let us not <del>be desirous of vain glory,</del> <ins>become conceited,</ins> provoking one another, envying one another.</p><p><b>[Galatians 6:1]</b> Brethren, if a man <del>be</del> <ins>is</ins> overtaken in <del>a fault, ye which</del> <ins>any trespass, you who</ins> are <del>spiritual,</del> <ins>spiritual</ins> restore such <del>an</del> <ins>a</ins> one in <del>the</del> <ins>a</ins> spirit of <del>meekness;</del> <ins>gentleness,</ins> considering <del>thyself,</del> <ins>yourself</ins> lest <del>thou</del> <ins>you</ins> also be tempted.</p><p><b>[Galatians 6:2]</b> Bear <del>ye</del> one another's burdens, and so <del>fulfil</del> <ins>fulfill</ins> the law of Christ.</p><p><b>[Galatians 6:3]</b> For if <del>a man think</del> <ins>anyone thinks</ins> himself to be something, when he is nothing, he <del>deceiveth</del> <ins>deceives</ins> himself.</p><p><b>[Galatians 6:4]</b> But let <del>every man prove</del> <ins>each one examine</ins> his own work, and then <del>shall</del> he <ins>will</ins> have rejoicing in himself alone, and not in another.</p><p><b>[Galatians 6:5]</b> For <del>every man</del> <ins>each one</ins> shall bear his own <del>burden.</del> <ins>load.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 6:6]</b> Let him <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> is taught <del>in</del> the word <del>communicate unto him that teacheth</del> <ins>share</ins> in all good <del>things.</del> <ins>things with him who teaches.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 6:7]</b> <del>Be</del> <ins>Do</ins> not <del>deceived;</del> <ins>be deceived,</ins> God is not <del>mocked:</del> <ins>mocked;</ins> for <del>whatsoever</del> <ins>whatever</ins> a man <del>soweth,</del> <ins>sows,</ins> that <del>shall</del> he <ins>will</ins> also reap.</p><p><b>[Galatians 6:8]</b> For he <del>that soweth</del> <ins>who sows</ins> to his flesh <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> of the flesh reap <del>corruption;</del> <ins>corruption,</ins> but he <del>that soweth</del> <ins>who sows</ins> to the Spirit <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> of the Spirit reap <del>life everlasting.</del> <ins>everlasting life.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 6:9]</b> And let us not <del>be</del> <ins>grow</ins> weary <del>in well doing:</del> <ins>while doing good,</ins> for in due season we shall <del>reap,</del> <ins>reap</ins> if we <del>faint not.</del> <ins>do not lose heart.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 6:10]</b> <del>As</del> <ins>Therefore, as</ins> we have <del>therefore</del> opportunity, let us do good <del>unto all men,</del> <ins>to all,</ins> especially <del>unto them</del> <ins>to those</ins> who are of the household of faith.</p><p><b>[Galatians 6:11]</b> <del>Ye see how</del> <ins>See with what</ins> large <del>a letter</del> <ins>letters</ins> I have written <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> you with <del>mine</del> <ins>my</ins> own <del>hand.</del> <ins>hand!</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 6:12]</b> As many as desire to make a <del>fair shew</del> <ins>good showing</ins> in the flesh, <del>they constrain</del> <ins>these would compel</ins> you to be <del>circumcised;</del> <ins>circumcised,</ins> only <del>lest</del> <ins>that</ins> they <del>should</del> <ins>may not</ins> suffer persecution for the cross of Christ.</p><p><b>[Galatians 6:13]</b> For <del>neither they themselves</del> <ins>not even those</ins> who are circumcised keep the <del>law;</del> <ins>law,</ins> but <ins>they</ins> desire to have you <del>circumcised,</del> <ins>circumcised</ins> that they may <del>glory</del> <ins>boast</ins> in your flesh.</p><p><b>[Galatians 6:14]</b> But God forbid that I should <del>glory, save</del> <ins>boast except</ins> in the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ, by whom the world <del>is</del> <ins>has been</ins> crucified <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me, and I <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the world.</p><p><b>[Galatians 6:15]</b> For in Christ Jesus neither circumcision <del>availeth any thing,</del> nor <del>uncircumcision,</del> <ins>uncircumcision avails anything,</ins> but a new <del>creature.</del> <ins>creation.</ins></p><p><b>[Galatians 6:16]</b> And as many as walk according to this rule, peace <del>be on them,</del> and <del>mercy,</del> <ins>mercy be upon them,</ins> and upon the Israel of God.</p><p><b>[Galatians 6:17]</b> From <del>henceforth</del> <ins>now on</ins> let no <del>man</del> <ins>one</ins> trouble <del>me:</del> <ins>me,</ins> for I bear in my body the marks of the Lord Jesus.</p>