<p><b>[Habakkuk 1:1]</b> The burden which <del>Habakkuk</del> the prophet <del>did see.</del> <ins>Habakkuk saw.</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 1:2]</b> O LORD, how long shall I cry, <del>and thou wilt</del> <ins>And You will</ins> not <del>hear! even</del> <ins>hear? Even</ins> cry out <del>unto thee of violence, and thou wilt</del> <ins>to You, "Violence!" And You will</ins> not <del>save!</del> <ins>save.</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 1:3]</b> Why <del>dost thou shew</del> <ins>do You show</ins> me iniquity, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> cause me to <del>behold grievance? for spoiling</del> <ins>see trouble? For plundering</ins> and violence are before <del>me:</del> <ins>me; There is strife,</ins> and <del>there are that raise up strife and contention.</del> <ins>contention arises.</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 1:4]</b> Therefore the law is <del>slacked, and judgment doth</del> <ins>powerless, And justice</ins> never <del>go forth: for</del> <ins>goes forth. For</ins> the wicked <del>doth compass about</del> <ins>surround</ins> the righteous; <del>therefore wrong</del> <ins>Therefore perverse</ins> judgment <del>proceedeth.</del> <ins>proceeds.</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 1:5]</b> <del>Behold ye</del> <ins>"Look</ins> among the <del>heathen,</del> <ins>nations</ins> and <del>regard, and wonder marvelously: for</del> <ins>watch--Be utterly astounded! For</ins> I will work a work in your days <del>which ye will</del> <ins>Which you would</ins> not believe, though it <del>be</del> <ins>were</ins> told you.</p><p><b>[Habakkuk 1:6]</b> <del>For, lo,</del> <ins>For indeed</ins> I <del>raise</del> <ins>am raising</ins> up the Chaldeans, <del>that</del> <ins>A</ins> bitter and hasty <del>nation, which shall march</del> <ins>nation Which marches</ins> through the breadth of the <del>land, to</del> <ins>earth, To</ins> possess <del>the dwellingplaces</del> <ins>dwelling places</ins> that are not <del>their's.</del> <ins>theirs.</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 1:7]</b> They are terrible and <del>dreadful: their</del> <ins>dreadful; Their</ins> judgment and their dignity <del>shall</del> proceed <del>of</del> <ins>from</ins> themselves.</p><p><b>[Habakkuk 1:8]</b> Their horses also are swifter than <del>the</del> leopards, <del>and are</del> <ins>And</ins> more fierce than <del>the</del> evening <del>wolves: and their horsemen shall spread themselves, and their horsemen shall come</del> <ins>wolves. Their chargers charge ahead; Their cavalry comes</ins> from <del>far; they shall</del> <ins>afar; They</ins> fly as the eagle that <del>hasteth</del> <ins>hastens</ins> to eat.</p><p><b>[Habakkuk 1:9]</b> <del>They shall come</del> <ins>"They</ins> all <ins>come</ins> for <del>violence: their</del> <ins>violence; Their</ins> faces <del>shall sup up as</del> <ins>are set like</ins> the east <del>wind, and they shall</del> <ins>wind. They</ins> gather <del>the captivity as the</del> <ins>captives like</ins> sand.</p><p><b>[Habakkuk 1:10]</b> <del>And they shall</del> <ins>They</ins> scoff at <del>the</del> kings, <del>and the</del> <ins>And</ins> princes <del>shall be a scorn unto them: they shall</del> <ins>are scorned by them. They</ins> deride every <del>strong hold; for</del> <ins>stronghold, For</ins> they <del>shall</del> heap <del>dust,</del> <ins>up earthen mounds</ins> and <del>take</del> <ins>seize</ins> it.</p><p><b>[Habakkuk 1:11]</b> Then <del>shall</del> his mind <del>change,</del> <ins>changes,</ins> and he <del>shall pass over, and offend, imputing</del> <ins>transgresses; He commits offense, Ascribing</ins> this <del>his</del> power <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> his <del>god.</del> <ins>god."</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 1:12]</b> <del>Art thou</del> <ins>Are You</ins> not from everlasting, O LORD my God, <del>mine</del> <ins>my</ins> Holy One? <del>we</del> <ins>We</ins> shall not die. O LORD, <del>thou hast ordained</del> <ins>You have appointed</ins> them for judgment; <del>and,</del> O <del>mighty God, thou hast established</del> <ins>Rock, You have marked</ins> them for correction.</p><p><b>[Habakkuk 1:13]</b> <del>Thou art</del> <ins>You are</ins> of purer eyes than to behold evil, <del>and canst not</del> <ins>And cannot</ins> look on <del>iniquity: wherefore lookest thou upon them that</del> <ins>wickedness. Why do You look on those who</ins> deal treacherously, <del>and holdest thy</del> <ins>And hold Your</ins> tongue when the wicked <del>devoureth the man that is</del> <ins>devours A person</ins> more righteous than he?</p><p><b>[Habakkuk 1:14]</b> <del>And makest</del> <ins>Why do You make</ins> men <del>as the fishes</del> <ins>like fish</ins> of the sea, <del>as the</del> <ins>Like</ins> creeping <del>things,</del> <ins>things</ins> that have no ruler over them?</p><p><b>[Habakkuk 1:15]</b> They take up all of them with <del>the angle, they</del> <ins>a hook, They</ins> catch them in their net, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> gather them in their <del>drag: therefore</del> <ins>dragnet. Therefore</ins> they rejoice and are glad.</p><p><b>[Habakkuk 1:16]</b> Therefore they sacrifice <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> their net, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> burn incense <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> their <del>drag; because</del> <ins>dragnet; Because</ins> by them their <del>portion</del> <ins>share</ins> is <del>fat, and</del> <ins>sumptuous And</ins> their <del>meat plenteous.</del> <ins>food plentiful.</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 1:17]</b> Shall they therefore empty their net, <del>and not spare continually</del> <ins>And continue</ins> to slay <del>the nations?</del> <ins>nations without pity?</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 2:1]</b> I will stand <del>upon</del> my <del>watch, and</del> <ins>watch And</ins> set <del>me upon</del> <ins>myself on</ins> the <del>tower, and will</del> <ins>rampart, And</ins> watch to see what <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> will say <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> what I <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> answer when I am <del>reproved.</del> <ins>corrected.</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 2:2]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> the LORD answered <del>me,</del> <ins>me</ins> and <del>said, Write</del> <ins>said: "Write</ins> the <del>vision, and</del> <ins>vision And</ins> make it plain <del>upon tables, that</del> <ins>on tablets, That</ins> he may run <del>that readeth</del> <ins>who reads</ins> it.</p><p><b>[Habakkuk 2:3]</b> For the vision is yet for an appointed <del>time, but</del> <ins>time; But</ins> at the end it <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> speak, and <del>not lie: though</del> it <del>tarry,</del> <ins>will not lie. Though it tarries,</ins> wait for it; <del>because</del> <ins>Because</ins> it will surely come, <del>it</del> <ins>It</ins> will not tarry.</p><p><b>[Habakkuk 2:4]</b> <del>Behold, his</del> <ins>"Behold the proud, His</ins> soul <del>which is lifted up</del> is not upright in <del>him: but</del> <ins>him; But</ins> the just shall live by his faith.</p><p><b>[Habakkuk 2:5]</b> <del>Yea also,</del> <ins>"Indeed,</ins> because he <del>transgresseth</del> <ins>transgresses</ins> by wine, <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> is a proud man, <del>neither keepeth</del> <ins>And he does not stay</ins> at <del>home, who enlargeth</del> <ins>home. Because he enlarges</ins> his desire as hell, <del>and</del> <ins>And he</ins> is <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> death, and cannot be satisfied, <del>but gathereth unto him</del> <ins>He gathers to himself</ins> all <del>nations, and heapeth unto him</del> <ins>nations And heaps up for himself</ins> all <del>people:</del> <ins>peoples.</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 2:6]</b> <del>Shall</del> <ins>"Will</ins> not all these take up a <del>parable</del> <ins>proverb</ins> against him, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> a taunting <del>proverb</del> <ins>riddle</ins> against him, and say, <del>Woe</del> <ins>"Woe</ins> to him <del>that increaseth that which</del> <ins>who increases What</ins> is not <del>his! how</del> <ins>his--how</ins> long? <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> to him <del>that ladeth</del> <ins>who loads</ins> himself with <del>thick clay!</del> <ins>many pledges'?</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 2:7]</b> <del>Shall they</del> <ins>Will</ins> not <ins>your creditors</ins> rise up <del>suddenly that shall bite thee, and awake that shall vex thee, and thou shalt be for booties unto them?</del> <ins>suddenly? Will they not awaken who oppress you? And you will become their booty.</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 2:8]</b> Because <del>thou hast spoiled</del> <ins>you have plundered</ins> many nations, <del>all</del> <ins>All</ins> the remnant of the people shall <del>spoil thee; because</del> <ins>plunder you, Because</ins> of men's <del>blood, and for</del> <ins>blood And</ins> the violence of the <del>land, of</del> <ins>land and</ins> the city, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> of all <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> dwell <del>therein.</del> <ins>in it.</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 2:9]</b> <del>Woe</del> <ins>"Woe</ins> to him <del>that coveteth an</del> <ins>who covets</ins> evil <del>covetousness to</del> <ins>gain for</ins> his house, <del>that</del> <ins>That</ins> he may set his nest on high, <del>that</del> <ins>That</ins> he may be delivered from the power of <del>evil!</del> <ins>disaster!</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 2:10]</b> <del>Thou hast consulted shame</del> <ins>You give shameful counsel</ins> to <del>thy house by cutting</del> <ins>your house, Cutting</ins> off many <del>people, and hast sinned</del> <ins>peoples, And sin</ins> against <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> soul.</p><p><b>[Habakkuk 2:11]</b> For the stone <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> cry out <del>of</del> <ins>from</ins> the wall, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> the beam <del>out of</del> <ins>from</ins> the <del>timber shall</del> <ins>timbers will</ins> answer it.</p><p><b>[Habakkuk 2:12]</b> <del>Woe</del> <ins>"Woe</ins> to him <del>that buildeth</del> <ins>who builds</ins> a town with <del>blood, and stablisheth</del> <ins>bloodshed, Who establishes</ins> a city by iniquity!</p><p><b>[Habakkuk 2:13]</b> Behold, is it not of the LORD of hosts <del>that</del> <ins>That</ins> the <del>people shall labour in</del> <ins>peoples labor to feed</ins> the <del>very</del> fire, <del>and the people shall</del> <ins>And nations</ins> weary themselves <del>for very vanity?</del> <ins>in vain?</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 2:14]</b> For the earth <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be filled <del>with</del> <ins>With</ins> the knowledge of the glory of the LORD, <del>as</del> <ins>As</ins> the waters cover the sea.</p><p><b>[Habakkuk 2:15]</b> <del>Woe unto him that giveth his neighbour drink, that puttest thy bottle</del> <ins>"Woe</ins> to <del>him, and makest</del> him <del>drunken also, that thou mayest</del> <ins>who gives drink to his neighbor, Pressing him to your bottle, Even to make him drunk, That you may</ins> look on <del>their</del> <ins>his</ins> nakedness!</p><p><b>[Habakkuk 2:16]</b> <del>Thou art</del> <ins>You are</ins> filled with shame <del>for glory: drink thou also, and let thy foreskin</del> <ins>instead of glory. You also--drink! And</ins> be <del>uncovered: the</del> <ins>exposed as uncircumcised! The</ins> cup of the LORD's right hand <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be turned <del>unto thee, and shameful spewing shall</del> <ins>against you, And utter shame will</ins> be on <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> glory.</p><p><b>[Habakkuk 2:17]</b> For the violence <del>of</del> <ins>done to</ins> Lebanon <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> cover <del>thee, and</del> <ins>you, And</ins> the <del>spoil</del> <ins>plunder</ins> of <del>beasts,</del> <ins>beasts</ins> which made them afraid, <del>because</del> <ins>Because</ins> of men's <del>blood, and for</del> <ins>blood And</ins> the violence of the <del>land, of</del> <ins>land and</ins> the city, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> of all <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> dwell <del>therein.</del> <ins>in it.</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 2:18]</b> <del>What profiteth</del> <ins>"What profit is</ins> the <del>graven image that the maker thereof hath graven it; the molten</del> image, <del>and</del> <ins>that its maker should carve it, The molded image,</ins> a teacher of lies, <del>that</del> <ins>That</ins> the maker of <del>his work trusteth therein, to</del> <ins>its mold should trust in it, To</ins> make <del>dumb</del> <ins>mute</ins> idols?</p><p><b>[Habakkuk 2:19]</b> Woe <del>unto him that saith</del> to <del>the wood, Awake;</del> <ins>him who says</ins> to <del>the dumb</del> <ins>wood, "Awake!' To silent</ins> stone, <del>Arise, it</del> <ins>"Arise! It</ins> shall <del>teach!</del> <ins>teach!'</ins> Behold, it is <del>laid over</del> <ins>overlaid</ins> with gold and silver, <del>and</del> <ins>Yet in it</ins> there is no breath at <del>all in the midst of it.</del> <ins>all.</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 2:20]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>"But</ins> the LORD is in <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> holy <del>temple: let</del> <ins>temple. Let</ins> all the earth keep silence before <del>him.</del> <ins>Him."</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 3:1]</b> A prayer of Habakkuk the <del>prophet upon</del> <ins>prophet, on</ins> Shigionoth.</p><p><b>[Habakkuk 3:2]</b> O LORD, I have heard <del>thy speech,</del> <ins>Your speech</ins> and was <del>afraid:</del> <ins>afraid;</ins> O LORD, revive <del>thy</del> <ins>Your</ins> work in the midst of the <del>years, in</del> <ins>years! In</ins> the midst of the years make <ins>it</ins> known; <del>in</del> <ins>In</ins> wrath remember mercy.</p><p><b>[Habakkuk 3:3]</b> God came from Teman, <del>and the</del> <ins>The</ins> Holy One from <del>mount</del> <ins>Mount</ins> Paran. <del>Selah.</del> <ins>Selah</ins> His glory covered the heavens, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> the earth was full of <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> praise.</p><p><b>[Habakkuk 3:4]</b> <del>And his</del> <ins>His</ins> brightness was <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> the light; <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> had <del>horns coming out of his hand: and</del> <ins>rays flashing from His hand, And</ins> there <ins>His power</ins> was <del>the hiding of his power.</del> <ins>hidden.</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 3:5]</b> Before <del>him</del> <ins>Him</ins> went <del>the</del> pestilence, <del>and burning coals went forth</del> <ins>And fever followed</ins> at <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> feet.</p><p><b>[Habakkuk 3:6]</b> He <del>stood,</del> <ins>stood</ins> and measured the <del>earth: he beheld,</del> <ins>earth; He looked</ins> and <del>drove asunder</del> <ins>startled</ins> the <del>nations; and</del> <ins>nations. And</ins> the everlasting mountains were scattered, <del>the</del> <ins>The</ins> perpetual hills <del>did bow: his</del> <ins>bowed. His</ins> ways are everlasting.</p><p><b>[Habakkuk 3:7]</b> I saw the tents of Cushan in <del>affliction: and the</del> <ins>affliction; The</ins> curtains of the land of Midian <del>did tremble.</del> <ins>trembled.</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 3:8]</b> <del>Was the LORD</del> <ins>O LORD, were You</ins> displeased <del>against</del> <ins>with</ins> the <del>rivers? was thine</del> <ins>rivers, Was Your</ins> anger against the <del>rivers? was thy</del> <ins>rivers, Was Your</ins> wrath against the sea, <del>that thou didst ride upon thine horses and thy</del> <ins>That You rode on Your horses, Your</ins> chariots of salvation?</p><p><b>[Habakkuk 3:9]</b> <del>Thy</del> <ins>Your</ins> bow was made quite <del>naked, according to the oaths of the tribes, even thy word. Selah. Thou didst cleave</del> <ins>ready; Oaths were sworn over Your arrows. Selah You divided</ins> the earth with rivers.</p><p><b>[Habakkuk 3:10]</b> The mountains saw <del>thee,</del> <ins>You</ins> and <del>they trembled: the</del> <ins>trembled; The</ins> overflowing of the water passed <del>by: the</del> <ins>by. The</ins> deep uttered <del>his</del> <ins>its</ins> voice, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> lifted <del>up his</del> <ins>its</ins> hands on high.</p><p><b>[Habakkuk 3:11]</b> The sun and moon stood still in their <del>habitation: at</del> <ins>habitation; At</ins> the light of <del>thine</del> <ins>Your</ins> arrows they went, <del>and at</del> <ins>At</ins> the shining of <del>thy</del> <ins>Your</ins> glittering spear.</p><p><b>[Habakkuk 3:12]</b> <del>Thou didst march</del> <ins>You marched</ins> through the land in <del>indignation, thou didst thresh</del> <ins>indignation; You trampled</ins> the <del>heathen</del> <ins>nations</ins> in anger.</p><p><b>[Habakkuk 3:13]</b> <del>Thou wentest</del> <ins>You went</ins> forth for the salvation of <del>thy</del> <ins>Your</ins> people, <del>even for</del> <ins>For</ins> salvation with <del>thine anointed; thou woundedst</del> <ins>Your Anointed. You struck</ins> the head <del>out of</del> <ins>from</ins> the house of the wicked, <del>by discovering the</del> <ins>By laying bare from</ins> foundation <del>unto the</del> <ins>to</ins> neck. <del>Selah.</del> <ins>Selah</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 3:14]</b> <del>Thou didst strike</del> <ins>You thrust</ins> through with his <del>staves the</del> <ins>own arrows The</ins> head of his <del>villages: they</del> <ins>villages. They</ins> came out <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> a whirlwind to scatter <del>me: their</del> <ins>me; Their</ins> rejoicing was <del>as to devour</del> <ins>like feasting on</ins> the poor <del>secretly.</del> <ins>in secret.</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 3:15]</b> <del>Thou didst walk</del> <ins>You walked</ins> through the sea with <del>thine</del> <ins>Your</ins> horses, <del>through</del> <ins>Through</ins> the heap of great waters.</p><p><b>[Habakkuk 3:16]</b> When I heard, my <del>belly</del> <ins>body</ins> trembled; <del>my</del> <ins>My</ins> lips quivered at the <del>voice: rottenness</del> <ins>voice; Rottenness</ins> entered <del>into</del> my <del>bones, and</del> <ins>bones; And</ins> I trembled in myself, <del>that</del> <ins>That</ins> I might rest in the day of <del>trouble: when</del> <ins>trouble. When</ins> he <del>cometh</del> <ins>comes</ins> up <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the people, <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> will invade them with his troops.</p><p><b>[Habakkuk 3:17]</b> <del>Although</del> <ins>Though</ins> the fig tree <del>shall</del> <ins>may</ins> not blossom, <del>neither shall</del> <ins>Nor</ins> fruit be <del>in</del> <ins>on</ins> the vines; <ins>Though</ins> the <del>labour</del> <ins>labor</ins> of the olive <del>shall</del> <ins>may</ins> fail, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> the fields <del>shall</del> yield no <del>meat;</del> <ins>food; Though</ins> the flock <del>shall</del> <ins>may</ins> be cut off from the fold, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> there <del>shall</del> be no herd in the <del>stalls:</del> <ins>stalls--</ins></p><p><b>[Habakkuk 3:19]</b> The LORD God is my <del>strength, and he</del> <ins>strength; He</ins> will make my feet like <del>hinds'</del> <ins>deer's</ins> feet, <del>and he</del> <ins>And He</ins> will make me <del>to</del> walk <del>upon mine</del> <ins>on my</ins> high <del>places.</del> <ins>hills.</ins> To the <del>chief singer on</del> <ins>Chief Musician. With</ins> my stringed instruments.</p>