<p><b>[Hosea 1:1]</b> The word of the LORD that came <del>unto Hosea,</del> <ins>to Hosea</ins> the son of Beeri, in the days of Uzziah, Jotham, Ahaz, and Hezekiah, kings of Judah, and in the days of Jeroboam the son of Joash, king of Israel.</p><p><b>[Hosea 1:2]</b> <del>The beginning of the word of</del> <ins>When</ins> the LORD <ins>began to speak</ins> by <del>Hosea. And</del> <ins>Hosea,</ins> the LORD said to <del>Hosea, Go,</del> <ins>Hosea: "Go,</ins> take <del>unto thee</del> <ins>yourself</ins> a wife of <del>whoredoms and</del> <ins>harlotry And</ins> children of <del>whoredoms: for</del> <ins>harlotry, For</ins> the land <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> committed great <del>whoredom,</del> <ins>harlotry By</ins> departing from the <del>LORD.</del> <ins>LORD."</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 1:3]</b> So he went and took Gomer the daughter of <del>Diblaim; which conceived,</del> <ins>Diblaim,</ins> and <del>bare</del> <ins>she conceived and bore</ins> him a son.</p><p><b>[Hosea 1:4]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> the LORD said <del>unto him, Call</del> <ins>to him: "Call</ins> his name <del>Jezreel; for yet</del> <ins>Jezreel, For in</ins> a little <del>while, and</del> <ins>while</ins> I will avenge the <del>blood</del> <ins>bloodshed</ins> of Jezreel <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> the house of Jehu, <del>and will cause</del> <ins>And bring an end</ins> to <del>cease</del> the kingdom of the house of Israel.</p><p><b>[Hosea 1:5]</b> <del>And it</del> <ins>It</ins> shall come to pass <del>at</del> <ins>in</ins> that <del>day, that</del> <ins>day That</ins> I will break the bow of <del>Israel,</del> <ins>Israel</ins> in the <del>valley</del> <ins>Valley</ins> of <del>Jezreel.</del> <ins>Jezreel."</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 1:6]</b> And she conceived <del>again,</del> <ins>again</ins> and <del>bare</del> <ins>bore</ins> a daughter. <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> God said <del>unto him, Call</del> <ins>to him: "Call</ins> her name <del>Loruhamah: for</del> <ins>Lo-Ruhamah, For</ins> I will no <del>more</del> <ins>longer</ins> have mercy <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> the house of <del>Israel; but</del> <ins>Israel, But</ins> I will utterly take them away.</p><p><b>[Hosea 1:7]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>Yet</ins> I will have mercy <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> the house of Judah, <del>and will</del> <ins>Will</ins> save them by the LORD their God, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> will not save them by bow, <del>nor</del> <ins>Nor</ins> by <del>sword, nor by</del> <ins>sword or</ins> battle, <del>by horses, nor by horsemen.</del> <ins>By horses or horsemen."</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 1:8]</b> Now when she had weaned <del>Loruhamah,</del> <ins>Lo-Ruhamah,</ins> she <del>conceived,</del> <ins>conceived</ins> and <del>bare</del> <ins>bore</ins> a son.</p><p><b>[Hosea 1:9]</b> Then <del>said God, Call</del> <ins>God said: "Call</ins> his name <del>Loammi: for ye</del> <ins>Lo-Ammi, For you</ins> are not <del>my</del> <ins>My</ins> people, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> I will not be your God.</p><p><b>[Hosea 1:10]</b> <del>Yet</del> <ins>"Yet</ins> the number of the children of Israel <del>shall</del> <ins>Shall</ins> be as the sand of the sea, <del>which</del> <ins>Which</ins> cannot be measured <del>nor numbered; and</del> <ins>or numbered. And</ins> it shall come to <del>pass, that in</del> <ins>pass In</ins> the place where it was said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> them, <del>Ye</del> <ins>"You</ins> are not <del>my people, there</del> <ins>My people,' There</ins> it shall be said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> them, <del>Ye</del> <ins>"You</ins> are <del>the</del> sons of the living <del>God.</del> <ins>God.'</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 1:11]</b> Then <del>shall</del> the children of Judah and the children of Israel <ins>Shall</ins> be gathered together, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> appoint <ins>for</ins> themselves one <del>head, and</del> <ins>head; And</ins> they shall come up out of the <del>land: for</del> <ins>land, For</ins> great <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be the day of <del>Jezreel.</del> <ins>Jezreel!</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 2:1]</b> Say <del>ye unto</del> <ins>to</ins> your brethren, <del>Ammi; and</del> <ins>"My people,' And</ins> to your sisters, <del>Ruhamah.</del> <ins>"Mercy is shown.'</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 2:2]</b> <del>Plead with</del> <ins>"Bring charges against</ins> your mother, <del>plead: for</del> <ins>bring charges; For</ins> she is not <del>my</del> <ins>My</ins> wife, <del>neither</del> <ins>nor</ins> am I her <del>husband: let</del> <ins>Husband! Let</ins> her <del>therefore</del> put away her <del>whoredoms out of</del> <ins>harlotries from</ins> her sight, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> her adulteries from between her breasts;</p><p><b>[Hosea 2:3]</b> Lest I strip her <del>naked, and set her</del> <ins>naked And expose her,</ins> as in the day <del>that</del> she was born, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> make her <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> a wilderness, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> set her like a dry land, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> slay her with thirst.</p><p><b>[Hosea 2:4]</b> <del>And I</del> <ins>"I</ins> will not have mercy <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> her <del>children; for</del> <ins>children, For</ins> they <del>be</del> <ins>are</ins> the children of <del>whoredoms.</del> <ins>harlotry.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 2:5]</b> For their mother <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> played the <del>harlot: she that</del> <ins>harlot; She who</ins> conceived them <del>hath done shamefully: for</del> <ins>has behaved shamefully. For</ins> she said, <del>I</del> <ins>"I</ins> will go after my lovers, <del>that</del> <ins>Who</ins> give me my bread and my water, <del>my</del> <ins>My</ins> wool and my <del>flax, mine</del> <ins>linen, My</ins> oil and my <del>drink.</del> <ins>drink.'</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 2:6]</b> <del>Therefore,</del> <ins>"Therefore,</ins> behold, I will hedge up <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> way with thorns, <del>and make a wall,</del> <ins>And wall her in, So</ins> that she <del>shall not</del> <ins>cannot</ins> find her paths.</p><p><b>[Hosea 2:7]</b> <del>And she shall follow after</del> <ins>She will chase</ins> her lovers, <del>but she shall</del> <ins>But</ins> not overtake them; <del>and</del> <ins>Yes,</ins> she <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> seek them, but <del>shall</del> not find <del>them: then shall</del> <ins>them. Then</ins> she <ins>will</ins> say, <del>I</del> <ins>"I</ins> will go and return to my first <del>husband; for</del> <ins>husband, For</ins> then <del>was</del> it <ins>was</ins> better <del>with</del> <ins>for</ins> me than <del>now.</del> <ins>now.'</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 2:8]</b> For she did not know <del>that</del> <ins>That</ins> I gave her <del>corn, and</del> <ins>grain, new</ins> wine, and oil, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> multiplied her silver and <del>gold, which</del> <ins>gold--Which</ins> they prepared for Baal.</p><p><b>[Hosea 2:9]</b> <del>Therefore will</del> <ins>"Therefore</ins> I <del>return,</del> <ins>will return</ins> and take away <del>my corn</del> <ins>My grain</ins> in <del>the</del> <ins>its</ins> time <del>thereof, and my</del> <ins>And My new</ins> wine in <del>the season thereof, and</del> <ins>its season, And</ins> will <del>recover my</del> <ins>take back My</ins> wool and <del>my flax given</del> <ins>My linen, Given</ins> to cover her nakedness.</p><p><b>[Hosea 2:10]</b> <del>And now will</del> <ins>Now</ins> I <del>discover</del> <ins>will uncover</ins> her lewdness in the sight of her lovers, <del>and none</del> <ins>And no one</ins> shall deliver her <del>out of mine</del> <ins>from My</ins> hand.</p><p><b>[Hosea 2:11]</b> I will also cause all her mirth to cease, <del>her</del> <ins>Her</ins> feast days, <ins>Her New Moons, Her Sabbaths--All</ins> her <del>new moons, and her sabbaths, and all her solemn</del> <ins>appointed</ins> feasts.</p><p><b>[Hosea 2:12]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>"And</ins> I will destroy her vines and her fig trees, <del>whereof</del> <ins>Of which</ins> she <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> said, <del>These</del> <ins>"These</ins> are my <del>rewards</del> <ins>wages</ins> that my lovers have given <del>me: and</del> <ins>me.' So</ins> I will make them a forest, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> the beasts of the field shall eat them.</p><p><b>[Hosea 2:13]</b> <del>And</del> I will <del>visit upon</del> <ins>punish</ins> her <ins>For</ins> the days of <del>Baalim, wherein</del> <ins>the Baals to which</ins> she burned <del>incense to them, and she</del> <ins>incense. She</ins> decked herself with her earrings and <del>her jewels, and she</del> <ins>jewelry, And</ins> went after her <del>lovers, and forgat me, saith</del> <ins>lovers; But Me she forgot," says</ins> the LORD.</p><p><b>[Hosea 2:14]</b> <del>Therefore,</del> <ins>"Therefore,</ins> behold, I will allure her, <del>and</del> <ins>Will</ins> bring her into the wilderness, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> speak <del>comfortably unto</del> <ins>comfort to</ins> her.</p><p><b>[Hosea 2:15]</b> <del>And</del> I will give her her vineyards from <del>thence, and</del> <ins>there, And</ins> the <del>valley</del> <ins>Valley</ins> of Achor <del>for</del> <ins>as</ins> a door of <del>hope: and she</del> <ins>hope; She</ins> shall sing there, <del>as</del> <ins>As</ins> in the days of her youth, <del>and as</del> <ins>As</ins> in the day when she came up <del>out of</del> <ins>from</ins> the land of Egypt.</p><p><b>[Hosea 2:16]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>"And</ins> it shall <del>be at</del> <ins>be, in</ins> that <del>day, saith</del> <ins>day," Says</ins> the LORD, <del>that thou shalt</del> <ins>"That you will</ins> call <del>me Ishi; and shalt call me</del> <ins>Me "My Husband,' And</ins> no <del>more Baali.</del> <ins>longer call Me "My Master,'</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 2:17]</b> For I will take <del>away</del> <ins>from her mouth</ins> the names of <del>Baalim out of her mouth, and</del> <ins>the Baals, And</ins> they shall <del>no more</del> be remembered by their <del>name.</del> <ins>name no more.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 2:18]</b> <del>And in</del> <ins>In</ins> that day <del>will</del> I <ins>will</ins> make a covenant for them <del>with</del> <ins>With</ins> the beasts of the <del>field and with</del> <ins>field, With</ins> the <del>fowls</del> <ins>birds</ins> of <del>heaven, and</del> <ins>the air, And</ins> with the creeping things of the <del>ground:</del> <ins>ground. Bow</ins> and <ins>sword of battle</ins> I will <del>break the bow and the sword and the battle out of</del> <ins>shatter from</ins> the earth, <del>and will</del> <ins>To</ins> make them <del>to</del> lie down safely.</p><p><b>[Hosea 2:19]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>"I will betroth you to Me forever; Yes,</ins> I will betroth <del>thee unto me for ever; yea, I will betroth thee unto me in righteousness,</del> <ins>you to Me In righteousness</ins> and <del>in judgment,</del> <ins>justice, In lovingkindness</ins> and <del>in lovingkindness, and in mercies.</del> <ins>mercy;</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 2:20]</b> I will <del>even</del> betroth <del>thee unto me</del> <ins>you to Me</ins> in <del>faithfulness: and thou shalt</del> <ins>faithfulness, And you shall</ins> know the LORD.</p><p><b>[Hosea 2:21]</b> <del>And it</del> <ins>"It</ins> shall come to pass in that <del>day,</del> <ins>day That</ins> I will <del>hear, saith</del> <ins>answer," says</ins> the <del>LORD, I</del> <ins>LORD; "I</ins> will <del>hear</del> <ins>answer</ins> the heavens, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> they shall <del>hear</del> <ins>answer</ins> the <del>earth;</del> <ins>earth.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 2:22]</b> <del>And the</del> <ins>The</ins> earth shall <del>hear the corn, and the</del> <ins>answer With grain, With new</ins> wine, <del>and the</del> <ins>And with</ins> oil; <del>and they</del> <ins>They</ins> shall <del>hear</del> <ins>answer</ins> Jezreel.</p><p><b>[Hosea 2:23]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> I will sow her <del>unto me</del> <ins>for Myself</ins> in the <del>earth; and</del> <ins>earth, And</ins> I will have mercy <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> her <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> had not obtained mercy; <del>and</del> <ins>Then</ins> I will say to <del>them which</del> <ins>those who</ins> were not <del>my</del> <ins>My</ins> people, <del>Thou art my people; and</del> <ins>"You are My people!' And</ins> they shall say, <del>Thou art</del> <ins>"You are</ins> my <del>God.</del> <ins>God!"'</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 3:1]</b> Then <del>said</del> the LORD <del>unto</del> <ins>said to</ins> me, <del>Go yet,</del> <ins>"Go again,</ins> love a woman <del>beloved of her friend, yet an adulteress, according to</del> <ins>who is loved by a lover and is committing adultery, just like</ins> the love of the LORD <del>toward</del> <ins>for</ins> the children of Israel, who look to other <del>gods,</del> <ins>gods</ins> and love <del>flagons</del> <ins>the raisin cakes</ins> of <del>wine.</del> <ins>the pagans."</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 3:2]</b> So I bought her <del>to me</del> <ins>for myself</ins> for fifteen <del>pieces</del> <ins>shekels</ins> of silver, and <del>for an homer of barley,</del> <ins>one</ins> and <del>an half homer</del> <ins>one-half homers</ins> of <del>barley:</del> <ins>barley.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 3:3]</b> And I said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> her, <del>Thou shalt abide for</del> <ins>"You shall stay with</ins> me many days; <del>thou shalt</del> <ins>you shall</ins> not play the harlot, <del>and thou shalt not be for another man: so</del> <ins>nor shall you have a man--so, too,</ins> will I <del>also</del> be <del>for thee.</del> <ins>toward you."</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 3:4]</b> For the children of Israel shall abide many days without <del>a king, and without a</del> <ins>king or</ins> prince, <del>and</del> without <del>a sacrifice, and</del> <ins>sacrifice or sacred pillar,</ins> without <del>an image, and without an ephod, and without teraphim:</del> <ins>ephod or teraphim.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 3:5]</b> Afterward <del>shall</del> the children of Israel <del>return,</del> <ins>shall return</ins> and seek the LORD their <del>God,</del> <ins>God</ins> and David their <del>king; and</del> <ins>king. They</ins> shall fear the LORD and <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> goodness in the latter days.</p><p><b>[Hosea 4:1]</b> Hear the word of the LORD, <del>ye</del> <ins>You</ins> children of <del>Israel: for</del> <ins>Israel, For</ins> the LORD <del>hath</del> <ins>brings</ins> a <del>controversy with</del> <ins>charge against</ins> the inhabitants of the <del>land, because there</del> <ins>land: "There</ins> is no <del>truth, nor mercy, nor</del> <ins>truth or mercy Or</ins> knowledge of God in the land.</p><p><b>[Hosea 4:2]</b> By <del>swearing,</del> <ins>swearing</ins> and lying, <ins>Killing</ins> and <del>killing, and stealing,</del> <ins>stealing</ins> and committing adultery, <del>they</del> <ins>They</ins> break <del>out, and blood toucheth blood.</del> <ins>all restraint, With bloodshed upon bloodshed.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 4:3]</b> Therefore <del>shall</del> the land <del>mourn, and every one that dwelleth therein shall languish, with</del> <ins>will mourn; And everyone who dwells there will waste away With</ins> the beasts of the <del>field, and with</del> <ins>field And</ins> the <del>fowls</del> <ins>birds</ins> of <del>heaven; yea,</del> the <del>fishes</del> <ins>air; Even the fish</ins> of the sea <del>also shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be taken away.</p><p><b>[Hosea 4:4]</b> <del>Yet</del> <ins>"Now</ins> let no man <del>strive, nor reprove another: for thy</del> <ins>contend, or rebuke another; For your</ins> people are <del>as they that strive</del> <ins>like those who contend</ins> with the priest.</p><p><b>[Hosea 4:5]</b> Therefore <del>shalt thou fall</del> <ins>you shall stumble</ins> in the <del>day, and the</del> <ins>day; The</ins> prophet also shall <del>fall</del> <ins>stumble</ins> with <del>thee</del> <ins>you</ins> in the <del>night, and</del> <ins>night; And</ins> I will destroy <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> mother.</p><p><b>[Hosea 4:6]</b> My people are destroyed for lack of <del>knowledge: because thou hast</del> <ins>knowledge. Because you have</ins> rejected knowledge, I <del>will</del> also <ins>will</ins> reject <del>thee, that thou shalt be no</del> <ins>you from being</ins> priest <del>to me: seeing thou hast</del> <ins>for Me; Because you have</ins> forgotten the law of <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> God, I <del>will</del> also <ins>will</ins> forget <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> children.</p><p><b>[Hosea 4:7]</b> <del>As</del> <ins>"The more</ins> they <del>were</del> increased, <del>so</del> <ins>The more</ins> they sinned against <del>me: therefore will</del> <ins>Me;</ins> I <ins>will</ins> change their glory into shame.</p><p><b>[Hosea 4:8]</b> They eat up the sin of <del>my people, and they</del> <ins>My people; They</ins> set their heart on their iniquity.</p><p><b>[Hosea 4:9]</b> And <del>there</del> <ins>it</ins> shall <del>be,</del> <ins>be:</ins> like people, like <del>priest: and</del> <ins>priest. So</ins> I will punish them for their ways, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> reward them <ins>for</ins> their <del>doings.</del> <ins>deeds.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 4:10]</b> For they shall eat, <del>and</del> <ins>but</ins> not have <del>enough: they</del> <ins>enough; They</ins> shall commit <del>whoredom, and shall</del> <ins>harlotry, but</ins> not <del>increase: because</del> <ins>increase; Because</ins> they have <del>left off to take heed to</del> <ins>ceased obeying</ins> the LORD.</p><p><b>[Hosea 4:11]</b> <del>Whoredom and wine</del> <ins>"Harlotry, wine,</ins> and new wine <del>take away</del> <ins>enslave</ins> the heart.</p><p><b>[Hosea 4:12]</b> My people ask counsel <del>at</del> <ins>from</ins> their <del>stocks, and</del> <ins>wooden idols, And</ins> their staff <del>declareth unto them: for</del> <ins>informs them. For</ins> the spirit of <del>whoredoms hath</del> <ins>harlotry has</ins> caused them to <del>err, and</del> <ins>stray, And</ins> they have <del>gone a whoring from under</del> <ins>played the harlot against</ins> their God.</p><p><b>[Hosea 4:13]</b> They <del>sacrifice upon</del> <ins>offer sacrifices on</ins> the <del>tops of the mountains, and</del> <ins>mountaintops, And</ins> burn incense <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> the hills, <del>under oaks</del> <ins>Under oaks, poplars,</ins> and <del>poplars and elms, because the shadow thereof</del> <ins>terebinths, Because their shade</ins> is <del>good: therefore</del> <ins>good. Therefore</ins> your daughters <del>shall</del> commit <del>whoredom, and</del> <ins>harlotry, And</ins> your <del>spouses shall</del> <ins>brides</ins> commit adultery.</p><p><b>[Hosea 4:14]</b> <del>I</del> <ins>"I</ins> will not punish your daughters when they commit <del>whoredom, nor</del> <ins>harlotry, Nor</ins> your <del>spouses</del> <ins>brides</ins> when they commit <del>adultery: for themselves are separated with whores, and they sacrifice with harlots: therefore</del> <ins>adultery; For</ins> the <ins>men themselves go apart with harlots, And offer sacrifices with a ritual harlot. Therefore</ins> people <del>that doth</del> <ins>who do</ins> not understand <del>shall fall.</del> <ins>will be trampled.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 4:15]</b> <del>Though thou,</del> <ins>"Though you,</ins> Israel, play the harlot, <del>yet let</del> <ins>Let</ins> not Judah <del>offend; and come</del> <ins>offend. Do</ins> not <del>ye unto Gilgal, neither go ye</del> <ins>come</ins> up to <del>Bethaven, nor swear, The</del> <ins>Gilgal, Nor go up to Beth Aven, Nor swear an oath, saying, "As the</ins> LORD <del>liveth.</del> <ins>lives'--</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 4:16]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>"For</ins> Israel <del>slideth back as</del> <ins>is stubborn Like</ins> a <del>backsliding heifer: now</del> <ins>stubborn calf; Now</ins> the LORD will <del>feed</del> <ins>let</ins> them <del>as</del> <ins>forage Like</ins> a lamb in <del>a large place.</del> <ins>open country.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 4:17]</b> <del>Ephraim</del> <ins>"Ephraim</ins> is joined to <del>idols: let</del> <ins>idols, Let</ins> him alone.</p><p><b>[Hosea 4:18]</b> Their drink is <del>sour: they have committed whoredom continually: her</del> <ins>rebellion, They commit harlotry continually. Her</ins> rulers <del>with shame do love, Give ye.</del> <ins>dearly love dishonor.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 4:19]</b> The wind <del>hath bound</del> <ins>has wrapped</ins> her up in <del>her</del> <ins>its</ins> wings, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> they shall be ashamed because of their sacrifices.</p><p><b>[Hosea 5:1]</b> <del>Hear ye</del> <ins>"Hear</ins> this, O <del>priests; and hearken, ye</del> <ins>priests! Take heed, O</ins> house of <del>Israel; and give ye</del> <ins>Israel! Give</ins> ear, O house of the <del>king; for judgment</del> <ins>king! For yours</ins> is <del>toward you, because ye</del> <ins>the judgment, Because you</ins> have been a snare <del>on Mizpah, and</del> <ins>to Mizpah And</ins> a net spread <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> Tabor.</p><p><b>[Hosea 5:2]</b> <del>And the</del> <ins>The</ins> revolters are <del>profound to make</del> <ins>deeply involved in</ins> slaughter, <del>though</del> <ins>Though</ins> I <del>have been a rebuker of</del> <ins>rebuke</ins> them all.</p><p><b>[Hosea 5:3]</b> I know Ephraim, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> Israel is not <del>hid</del> <ins>hidden</ins> from <del>me: for</del> <ins>Me; For</ins> now, O Ephraim, <del>thou committest whoredom, and</del> <ins>you commit harlotry;</ins> Israel is defiled.</p><p><b>[Hosea 5:4]</b> <del>They will</del> <ins>"They do</ins> not <del>frame</del> <ins>direct</ins> their <del>doings</del> <ins>deeds Toward turning</ins> to <del>turn unto</del> their <del>God: for</del> <ins>God, For</ins> the spirit of <del>whoredoms</del> <ins>harlotry</ins> is in <del>the midst of them, and</del> <ins>their midst, And</ins> they <del>have</del> <ins>do</ins> not <del>known</del> <ins>know</ins> the LORD.</p><p><b>[Hosea 5:5]</b> <del>And the</del> <ins>The</ins> pride of Israel <del>doth testify</del> <ins>testifies</ins> to his <del>face: therefore shall</del> <ins>face; Therefore</ins> Israel and Ephraim <del>fall</del> <ins>stumble</ins> in their <del>iniquity:</del> <ins>iniquity;</ins> Judah also <del>shall fall</del> <ins>stumbles</ins> with them.</p><p><b>[Hosea 5:6]</b> <del>They shall go with</del> <ins>"With</ins> their flocks and <del>with their</del> herds <ins>They shall go</ins> to seek the <del>LORD; but</del> <ins>LORD, But</ins> they <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> not find <del>him; he hath</del> <ins>Him; He has</ins> withdrawn <del>himself</del> <ins>Himself</ins> from them.</p><p><b>[Hosea 5:7]</b> They have dealt treacherously <del>against</del> <ins>with</ins> the <del>LORD: for</del> <ins>LORD, For</ins> they have begotten <del>strange children: now shall</del> <ins>pagan children. Now</ins> a <del>month</del> <ins>New Moon shall</ins> devour them <del>with</del> <ins>and</ins> their <del>portions.</del> <ins>heritage.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 5:8]</b> <del>Blow ye</del> <ins>"Blow</ins> the <del>cornet</del> <ins>ram's horn</ins> in Gibeah, <del>and the</del> <ins>The</ins> trumpet in <del>Ramah: cry</del> <ins>Ramah! Cry</ins> aloud at <del>Bethaven, after thee,</del> <ins>Beth Aven, "Look behind you,</ins> O <del>Benjamin.</del> <ins>Benjamin!'</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 5:9]</b> Ephraim shall be desolate in the day of <del>rebuke: among</del> <ins>rebuke; Among</ins> the tribes of Israel <del>have</del> I <del>made</del> <ins>make</ins> known <del>that which shall surely be.</del> <ins>what is sure.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 5:10]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>"The</ins> princes of Judah <del>were</del> <ins>are</ins> like <del>them that</del> <ins>those who</ins> remove <del>the bound: therefore</del> <ins>a landmark;</ins> I will pour out <del>my</del> <ins>My</ins> wrath <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> them like water.</p><p><b>[Hosea 5:11]</b> Ephraim is oppressed and broken in judgment, <del>because</del> <ins>Because</ins> he willingly walked <del>after the commandment.</del> <ins>by human precept.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 5:12]</b> Therefore <del>will</del> I <ins>will</ins> be <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> Ephraim <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> a moth, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> to the house of Judah <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> rottenness.</p><p><b>[Hosea 5:13]</b> <del>When</del> <ins>"When</ins> Ephraim saw his sickness, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> Judah saw his wound, <del>then went</del> <ins>Then</ins> Ephraim <ins>went</ins> to <del>the Assyrian, and</del> <ins>Assyria And</ins> sent to <del>king Jareb: yet could</del> <ins>King Jareb; Yet</ins> he <del>not heal you, nor</del> <ins>cannot</ins> cure <ins>you, Nor heal</ins> you of your wound.</p><p><b>[Hosea 5:14]</b> For I will be <del>unto Ephraim as</del> <ins>like</ins> a <del>lion, and as</del> <ins>lion to Ephraim, And like</ins> a young lion to the house of <del>Judah:</del> <ins>Judah.</ins> I, even I, will tear <ins>them</ins> and go away; I will take <ins>them</ins> away, and <del>none</del> <ins>no one</ins> shall <del>rescue him.</del> <ins>rescue.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 5:15]</b> I will <del>go and</del> return <ins>again</ins> to <del>my place, till</del> <ins>My place Till</ins> they acknowledge their <del>offence, and</del> <ins>offense. Then they will</ins> seek <del>my face: in</del> <ins>My face; In</ins> their affliction they will <ins>earnestly</ins> seek <del>me early.</del> <ins>Me."</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 6:1]</b> Come, and let us return <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>LORD: for he hath</del> <ins>LORD; For He has</ins> torn, <del>and he</del> <ins>but He</ins> will heal us; <del>he hath smitten, and he</del> <ins>He has stricken, but He</ins> will bind us up.</p><p><b>[Hosea 6:2]</b> After two days <ins>He</ins> will <del>he</del> revive <del>us: in</del> <ins>us; On</ins> the third day <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> will raise us up, <del>and</del> <ins>That</ins> we <del>shall</del> <ins>may</ins> live in <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> sight.</p><p><b>[Hosea 6:3]</b> <del>Then shall we</del> <ins>Let us</ins> know, <del>if we follow on to know</del> <ins>Let us pursue</ins> the <del>LORD: his</del> <ins>knowledge of the LORD. His</ins> going forth is <del>prepared</del> <ins>established</ins> as the morning; <del>and he shall</del> <ins>He will</ins> come <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> us <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> the rain, <del>as</del> <ins>Like</ins> the latter and former rain <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the earth.</p><p><b>[Hosea 6:4]</b> <del>O</del> <ins>"O</ins> Ephraim, what shall I do <del>unto thee?</del> <ins>to you?</ins> O Judah, what shall I do <del>unto thee? for</del> <ins>to you? For</ins> your <del>goodness</del> <ins>faithfulness</ins> is <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> a morning cloud, <del>and as</del> <ins>And like</ins> the early dew it <del>goeth</del> <ins>goes</ins> away.</p><p><b>[Hosea 6:5]</b> Therefore <del>have</del> I <del>hewed</del> <ins>have hewn</ins> them by the <del>prophets;</del> <ins>prophets,</ins> I have slain them by the words of <del>my mouth: and thy</del> <ins>My mouth; And your</ins> judgments are <del>as the</del> <ins>like</ins> light that <del>goeth</del> <ins>goes</ins> forth.</p><p><b>[Hosea 6:6]</b> For I <del>desired mercy,</del> <ins>desire mercy</ins> and not <del>sacrifice; and</del> <ins>sacrifice, And</ins> the knowledge of God more than burnt offerings.</p><p><b>[Hosea 6:7]</b> <del>But they</del> <ins>"But</ins> like men <del>have</del> <ins>they</ins> transgressed the <del>covenant: there have</del> <ins>covenant; There</ins> they dealt treacherously <del>against me.</del> <ins>with Me.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 6:8]</b> Gilead is a city of <del>them that work iniquity, and is polluted</del> <ins>evildoers And defiled</ins> with blood.</p><p><b>[Hosea 6:9]</b> <del>And as troops</del> <ins>As bands</ins> of robbers <ins>lie in</ins> wait for a man, <del>so</del> <ins>So</ins> the company of priests murder <del>in</del> <ins>on</ins> the way <del>by consent: for</del> <ins>to Shechem; Surely</ins> they commit lewdness.</p><p><b>[Hosea 6:10]</b> I have seen <del>an</del> <ins>a</ins> horrible thing in the house of Israel: <del>there</del> <ins>There</ins> is the <del>whoredom</del> <ins>harlotry</ins> of <del>Ephraim,</del> <ins>Ephraim;</ins> Israel is defiled.</p><p><b>[Hosea 6:11]</b> Also, O Judah, <del>he hath set an</del> <ins>a</ins> harvest <ins>is appointed</ins> for <del>thee, when</del> <ins>you, When</ins> I <del>returned</del> <ins>return</ins> the <del>captivity</del> <ins>captives</ins> of <del>my</del> <ins>My</ins> people.</p><p><b>[Hosea 7:1]</b> <del>When</del> <ins>"When</ins> I would have healed Israel, <del>then</del> <ins>Then</ins> the iniquity of Ephraim was <del>discovered, and</del> <ins>uncovered, And</ins> the wickedness of <del>Samaria: for</del> <ins>Samaria. For</ins> they <del>commit falsehood; and the</del> <ins>have committed fraud; A</ins> thief <del>cometh in, and the troop</del> <ins>comes in; A band</ins> of robbers <del>spoileth without.</del> <ins>takes spoil outside.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 7:2]</b> <del>And they consider</del> <ins>They do</ins> not <ins>consider</ins> in their hearts <del>that</del> <ins>That</ins> I remember all their <del>wickedness: now</del> <ins>wickedness; Now</ins> their own <del>doings</del> <ins>deeds</ins> have <del>beset them about; they</del> <ins>surrounded them; They</ins> are before <del>my</del> <ins>My</ins> face.</p><p><b>[Hosea 7:3]</b> They make <del>the</del> <ins>a</ins> king glad with their wickedness, <del>and the</del> <ins>And</ins> princes with their lies.</p><p><b>[Hosea 7:4]</b> <del>They</del> <ins>"They</ins> are all <del>adulterers, as</del> <ins>adulterers. Like</ins> an oven heated by <ins>a baker--He ceases stirring</ins> the <del>baker, who ceaseth from raising</del> <ins>fire</ins> after <del>he hath kneaded</del> <ins>kneading</ins> the dough, <del>until</del> <ins>Until</ins> it <del>be</del> <ins>is</ins> leavened.</p><p><b>[Hosea 7:5]</b> In the day of our king <del>the princes</del> <ins>Princes</ins> have made him <del>sick</del> <ins>sick, inflamed</ins> with <del>bottles of</del> wine; <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> stretched out his hand with <del>scorners.</del> <ins>scoffers.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 7:6]</b> <del>For they have made ready</del> <ins>They prepare</ins> their heart like an oven, <del>whiles</del> <ins>While</ins> they lie in <del>wait: their</del> <ins>wait; Their</ins> baker <del>sleepeth</del> <ins>sleeps</ins> all <del>the</del> night; <del>in</del> <ins>In</ins> the morning it <del>burneth as</del> <ins>burns like</ins> a flaming fire.</p><p><b>[Hosea 7:7]</b> They are all <del>hot as</del> <ins>hot, like</ins> an oven, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> have devoured their judges; <del>all</del> <ins>All</ins> their kings <del>are fallen: there is none</del> <ins>have fallen. None</ins> among them <del>that calleth unto me.</del> <ins>calls upon Me.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 7:8]</b> <del>Ephraim, he hath</del> <ins>"Ephraim has</ins> mixed himself among the <del>people;</del> <ins>peoples;</ins> Ephraim is a cake <del>not turned.</del> <ins>unturned.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 7:9]</b> <del>Strangers</del> <ins>Aliens</ins> have devoured his strength, <del>and</del> <ins>But</ins> he <del>knoweth it not: yea,</del> <ins>does not know it; Yes,</ins> gray hairs are here and there <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> him, <del>yet</del> <ins>Yet</ins> he <del>knoweth not.</del> <ins>does not know it.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 7:10]</b> And the pride of Israel <del>testifieth</del> <ins>testifies</ins> to his <del>face: and</del> <ins>face, But</ins> they do not return to the LORD their God, <del>nor</del> <ins>Nor</ins> seek <del>him</del> <ins>Him</ins> for all this.</p><p><b>[Hosea 7:11]</b> <del>Ephraim</del> <ins>"Ephraim</ins> also is like a silly <del>dove</del> <ins>dove,</ins> without <del>heart: they</del> <ins>sense--They</ins> call to Egypt, <del>they</del> <ins>They</ins> go to Assyria.</p><p><b>[Hosea 7:12]</b> <del>When</del> <ins>Wherever</ins> they <del>shall</del> go, I will spread <del>my</del> <ins>My</ins> net <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> them; I will bring them down <del>as the fowls</del> <ins>like birds</ins> of the <del>heaven;</del> <ins>air;</ins> I will chastise <del>them, as</del> <ins>them According to what</ins> their congregation <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> heard.</p><p><b>[Hosea 7:13]</b> <del>Woe unto them!</del> <ins>"Woe to them,</ins> for they have fled from <del>me: destruction unto them! because</del> <ins>Me! Destruction to them, Because</ins> they have transgressed against <del>me: though</del> <ins>Me! Though</ins> I <del>have</del> redeemed them, <del>yet</del> <ins>Yet</ins> they have spoken lies against <del>me.</del> <ins>Me.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 7:14]</b> <del>And they have</del> <ins>They did</ins> not <del>cried unto me</del> <ins>cry out to Me</ins> with their <del>heart, when</del> <ins>heart When</ins> they <del>howled</del> <ins>wailed</ins> upon their <del>beds: they</del> <ins>beds. "They</ins> assemble <del>themselves</del> <ins>together</ins> for <del>corn</del> <ins>grain</ins> and <ins>new</ins> wine, <del>and they</del> <ins>They</ins> rebel against <del>me.</del> <ins>Me;</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 7:15]</b> Though I <del>have bound</del> <ins>disciplined</ins> and strengthened their arms, <del>yet do</del> <ins>Yet</ins> they <del>imagine mischief</del> <ins>devise evil</ins> against <del>me.</del> <ins>Me;</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 7:16]</b> They return, but not to the <del>most High: they</del> <ins>Most High; They</ins> are like a <del>deceitful bow: their</del> <ins>treacherous bow. Their</ins> princes shall fall by the sword <del>for</del> <ins>For</ins> the <del>rage</del> <ins>cursings</ins> of their <del>tongue: this</del> <ins>tongue. This</ins> shall be their derision in the land of Egypt.</p><p><b>[Hosea 8:1]</b> <del>Set</del> <ins>"Set</ins> the trumpet to <del>thy mouth.</del> <ins>your mouth!</ins> He shall come <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> an eagle against the house of the LORD, <del>because</del> <ins>Because</ins> they have transgressed <del>my covenant, and trespassed</del> <ins>My covenant And rebelled</ins> against <del>my</del> <ins>My</ins> law.</p><p><b>[Hosea 8:2]</b> Israel <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> cry <del>unto me, My</del> <ins>to Me, "My</ins> God, we know <del>thee.</del> <ins>You!'</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 8:3]</b> Israel <del>hath cast off</del> <ins>has rejected</ins> the <del>thing that is good: the</del> <ins>good; The</ins> enemy <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> pursue him.</p><p><b>[Hosea 8:4]</b> <del>They have</del> <ins>"They</ins> set up kings, but not by <del>me: they have</del> <ins>Me; They</ins> made princes, <del>and</del> <ins>but</ins> I <del>knew it not: of</del> <ins>did not acknowledge them. From</ins> their silver and <del>their</del> gold <del>have they</del> <ins>They</ins> made <del>them idols, that</del> <ins>idols for themselves--That</ins> they <del>may</del> <ins>might</ins> be cut off.</p><p><b>[Hosea 8:5]</b> <del>Thy calf,</del> <ins>Your calf is rejected,</ins> O <del>Samaria, hath cast thee off; mine</del> <ins>Samaria! My</ins> anger is <del>kindled</del> <ins>aroused</ins> against <del>them: how</del> <ins>them--How</ins> long <del>will it be ere</del> <ins>until</ins> they attain to <del>innocency?</del> <ins>innocence?</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 8:6]</b> For from Israel <del>was it also: the</del> <ins>is even this: A</ins> workman made <del>it; therefore</del> <ins>it, and</ins> it is not <del>God: but</del> <ins>God; But</ins> the calf of Samaria shall be broken <del>in</del> <ins>to</ins> pieces.</p><p><b>[Hosea 8:7]</b> <del>For they have sown</del> <ins>"They sow</ins> the wind, <del>and they shall</del> <ins>And</ins> reap the <del>whirlwind: it hath</del> <ins>whirlwind. The stalk has</ins> no <del>stalk; the bud</del> <ins>bud; It</ins> shall <del>yield no meal: if so be</del> <ins>never produce meal. If</ins> it <del>yield, the strangers shall</del> <ins>should produce, Aliens would</ins> swallow it up.</p><p><b>[Hosea 8:8]</b> Israel is swallowed <del>up: now shall</del> <ins>up; Now</ins> they <del>be</del> <ins>are</ins> among the Gentiles <del>as</del> <ins>Like</ins> a vessel <del>wherein</del> <ins>in which</ins> is no pleasure.</p><p><b>[Hosea 8:9]</b> For they <del>are</del> <ins>have</ins> gone up to Assyria, <ins>Like</ins> a wild <del>ass</del> <ins>donkey</ins> alone by <del>himself:</del> <ins>itself;</ins> Ephraim <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> hired lovers.</p><p><b>[Hosea 8:10]</b> <del>Yea,</del> <ins>Yes,</ins> though they have hired among the nations, <del>now will</del> <ins>Now</ins> I <ins>will</ins> gather <del>them, and</del> <ins>them; And</ins> they shall sorrow a <del>little for</del> <ins>little, Because of</ins> the burden of the king of princes.</p><p><b>[Hosea 8:11]</b> <del>Because</del> <ins>"Because</ins> Ephraim <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> made many altars <del>to</del> <ins>for</ins> sin, <del>altars shall be unto</del> <ins>They have become for</ins> him <del>to sin.</del> <ins>altars for sinning.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 8:12]</b> I have written <del>to</del> <ins>for</ins> him the great things of <del>my</del> <ins>My</ins> law, <del>but</del> <ins>But</ins> they were <del>counted as</del> <ins>considered</ins> a strange thing.</p><p><b>[Hosea 8:13]</b> <del>They sacrifice flesh for</del> <ins>For</ins> the sacrifices of <del>mine offerings,</del> <ins>My offerings they sacrifice flesh</ins> and eat <del>it; but</del> <ins>it, But</ins> the LORD <del>accepteth them not; now</del> <ins>does not accept them. Now He</ins> will <del>he</del> remember their <del>iniquity,</del> <ins>iniquity</ins> and <del>visit</del> <ins>punish</ins> their <del>sins: they</del> <ins>sins. They</ins> shall return to Egypt.</p><p><b>[Hosea 8:14]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>"For</ins> Israel <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> forgotten his Maker, <del>and buildeth</del> <ins>And has built</ins> temples; <del>and</del> Judah <del>hath</del> <ins>also has</ins> multiplied <del>fenced cities: but</del> <ins>fortified cities; But</ins> I will send <del>a</del> fire upon his cities, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> it shall devour <del>the palaces thereof.</del> <ins>his palaces."</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 9:1]</b> <del>Rejoice not,</del> <ins>Do not rejoice,</ins> O Israel, <del>for joy, as</del> <ins>with joy like</ins> other <del>people:</del> <ins>peoples, For you have played the harlot against your God. You have made love</ins> for <del>thou hast gone a whoring from thy God, thou hast loved a reward upon</del> <ins>hire on</ins> every <del>cornfloor.</del> <ins>threshing floor.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 9:2]</b> The <ins>threshing</ins> floor and the winepress <del>shall</del> <ins>Shall</ins> not feed them, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> the new wine shall fail in her.</p><p><b>[Hosea 9:3]</b> They shall not dwell in the LORD's <del>land; but</del> <ins>land, But</ins> Ephraim shall return to Egypt, <del>and they</del> <ins>And</ins> shall eat unclean things in Assyria.</p><p><b>[Hosea 9:4]</b> They shall not offer wine offerings to the LORD, <del>neither</del> <ins>Nor</ins> shall <del>they be pleasing unto him:</del> their sacrifices <ins>be pleasing to Him. It</ins> shall be <del>unto them as the</del> <ins>like</ins> bread of <del>mourners; all that</del> <ins>mourners to them; All who</ins> eat <del>thereof</del> <ins>it</ins> shall be <del>polluted: for</del> <ins>defiled. For</ins> their bread <ins>shall be</ins> for their <del>soul</del> <ins>own life; It</ins> shall not come into the house of the LORD.</p><p><b>[Hosea 9:5]</b> What will <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> do in the <del>solemn</del> <ins>appointed</ins> day, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> in the day of the feast of the LORD?</p><p><b>[Hosea 9:6]</b> <del>For, lo,</del> <ins>For indeed</ins> they are gone because of <del>destruction:</del> <ins>destruction.</ins> Egypt shall gather them <del>up,</del> <ins>up;</ins> Memphis shall bury <del>them: the pleasant places for their silver, nettles</del> <ins>them. Nettles</ins> shall possess <del>them: thorns</del> <ins>their valuables of silver; Thorns</ins> shall be in their <del>tabernacles.</del> <ins>tents.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 9:7]</b> The days of <del>visitation are come, the</del> <ins>punishment have come; The</ins> days of <del>recompence are come;</del> <ins>recompense have come.</ins> Israel <del>shall know it: the</del> <ins>knows! The</ins> prophet is a fool, <del>the</del> <ins>The</ins> spiritual man is <del>mad, for the multitude</del> <ins>insane, Because</ins> of <del>thine iniquity, and</del> the <ins>greatness of your iniquity and</ins> great <del>hatred.</del> <ins>enmity.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 9:8]</b> The watchman of Ephraim <del>was</del> <ins>is</ins> with my <del>God: but</del> <ins>God; But</ins> the prophet is a <ins>fowler's</ins> snare <del>of a fowler</del> in all his <del>ways, and hatred</del> <ins>ways--Enmity</ins> in the house of his God.</p><p><b>[Hosea 9:9]</b> They <del>have</del> <ins>are</ins> deeply <del>corrupted themselves, as</del> <ins>corrupted, As</ins> in the days of <del>Gibeah: therefore he</del> <ins>Gibeah. He</ins> will remember their <del>iniquity, he</del> <ins>iniquity; He</ins> will <del>visit</del> <ins>punish</ins> their sins.</p><p><b>[Hosea 9:10]</b> <del>I</del> <ins>"I</ins> found Israel <del>like</del> <ins>Like</ins> grapes in the wilderness; I saw your fathers <del>as</del> <ins>As</ins> the <del>firstripe in</del> <ins>firstfruits on</ins> the fig tree <del>at her</del> <ins>in its</ins> first <del>time: but</del> <ins>season. But</ins> they went to <del>Baalpeor, and</del> <ins>Baal Peor, And</ins> separated themselves <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> that shame; <del>and their abominations were according as</del> <ins>They became an abomination like the thing</ins> they loved.</p><p><b>[Hosea 9:11]</b> As for Ephraim, their glory shall fly away like a <del>bird, from the</del> <ins>bird--No</ins> birth, <ins>no pregnancy,</ins> and <del>from the womb, and from the conception.</del> <ins>no conception!</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 9:12]</b> Though they bring up their children, <del>yet will</del> <ins>Yet</ins> I <ins>will</ins> bereave <del>them, that there shall not be a man left: yea,</del> <ins>them to the last man. Yes,</ins> woe <del>also</del> to them when I depart from them!</p><p><b>[Hosea 9:13]</b> <del>Ephraim,</del> <ins>Just</ins> as I saw <del>Tyrus, is</del> <ins>Ephraim like Tyre,</ins> planted in a pleasant <del>place: but</del> <ins>place, So</ins> Ephraim <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> bring <del>forth</del> <ins>out</ins> his children to the <del>murderer.</del> <ins>murderer."</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 9:14]</b> Give them, O <del>LORD: what wilt thou</del> <ins>LORD--What will You</ins> give? <del>give</del> <ins>Give</ins> them a miscarrying womb <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> dry <del>breasts.</del> <ins>breasts!</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 9:15]</b> <del>All</del> <ins>"All</ins> their wickedness is in <del>Gilgal: for</del> <ins>Gilgal, For</ins> there I hated <del>them: for</del> <ins>them. Because of</ins> the <del>wickedness</del> <ins>evil</ins> of their <del>doings</del> <ins>deeds</ins> I will drive them <del>out of mine house,</del> <ins>from My house;</ins> I will love them no <del>more: all</del> <ins>more. All</ins> their princes are <del>revolters.</del> <ins>rebellious.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 9:16]</b> Ephraim is <del>smitten, their</del> <ins>stricken, Their</ins> root is dried <del>up, they</del> <ins>up; They</ins> shall bear no <del>fruit: yea, though</del> <ins>fruit. Yes, were</ins> they <del>bring forth, yet will</del> <ins>to bear children,</ins> I <del>slay even</del> <ins>would kill</ins> the <del>beloved fruit</del> <ins>darlings</ins> of their <del>womb.</del> <ins>womb."</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 9:17]</b> My God will cast them away, <del>because</del> <ins>Because</ins> they did not <del>hearken unto him: and</del> <ins>obey Him; And</ins> they shall be wanderers among the nations.</p><p><b>[Hosea 10:1]</b> Israel <del>is an empty vine, he bringeth</del> <ins>empties his vine; He brings</ins> forth fruit <del>unto himself: according</del> <ins>for himself. According</ins> to the multitude of his fruit <del>he hath</del> <ins>He has</ins> increased the altars; <del>according</del> <ins>According</ins> to the <del>goodness</del> <ins>bounty</ins> of his land <del>they</del> <ins>They</ins> have <del>made goodly images.</del> <ins>embellished his sacred pillars.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 10:2]</b> Their heart is divided; <del>now shall</del> <ins>Now</ins> they <del>be found faulty: he shall</del> <ins>are held guilty. He will</ins> break down their <del>altars, he shall spoil</del> <ins>altars; He will ruin</ins> their <del>images.</del> <ins>sacred pillars.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 10:3]</b> For now they <del>shall</del> say, <del>We</del> <ins>"We</ins> have no king, <del>because</del> <ins>Because</ins> we <del>feared</del> <ins>did</ins> not <ins>fear</ins> the <del>LORD; what then should</del> <ins>LORD. And as for</ins> a <del>king</del> <ins>king, what would he</ins> do <del>to us?</del> <ins>for us?"</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 10:4]</b> They have spoken words, <del>swearing</del> <ins>Swearing</ins> falsely in making a <del>covenant: thus</del> <ins>covenant. Thus</ins> judgment <del>springeth</del> <ins>springs</ins> up <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> hemlock in the furrows of the field.</p><p><b>[Hosea 10:5]</b> The inhabitants of Samaria <del>shall</del> fear <del>because</del> <ins>Because</ins> of the <del>calves</del> <ins>calf</ins> of <del>Bethaven: for the</del> <ins>Beth Aven. For its</ins> people <del>thereof shall</del> mourn <del>over it, and the priests thereof that rejoiced on it,</del> for <del>the</del> <ins>it, And its priests shriek for it--Because its</ins> glory <del>thereof, because it is</del> <ins>has</ins> departed from it.</p><p><b>[Hosea 10:6]</b> <del>It</del> <ins>The idol also</ins> shall be <del>also</del> carried <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> Assyria <del>for</del> <ins>As</ins> a present <del>to king Jareb:</del> <ins>for King Jareb.</ins> Ephraim shall receive shame, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> Israel shall be ashamed of his own counsel.</p><p><b>[Hosea 10:7]</b> As for Samaria, her king is cut off <del>as the foam upon</del> <ins>Like a twig on</ins> the water.</p><p><b>[Hosea 10:8]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>Also the</ins> high places <del>also</del> of Aven, the sin of Israel, <del>shall</del> <ins>Shall</ins> be <del>destroyed: the</del> <ins>destroyed. The</ins> thorn and <del>the</del> thistle shall <del>come up</del> <ins>grow</ins> on their altars; <del>and they</del> <ins>They</ins> shall say to the mountains, <del>Cover us; and</del> <ins>"Cover us!" And</ins> to the hills, <del>Fall</del> <ins>"Fall</ins> on <del>us.</del> <ins>us!"</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 10:9]</b> <del>O</del> <ins>"O</ins> Israel, <del>thou hast</del> <ins>you have</ins> sinned from the days of <del>Gibeah: there</del> <ins>Gibeah; There</ins> they <del>stood: the</del> <ins>stood. The</ins> battle in Gibeah against the children of iniquity <del>did</del> <ins>Did</ins> not overtake them.</p><p><b>[Hosea 10:10]</b> <del>It</del> <ins>When it</ins> is <del>in my desire that</del> <ins>My desire,</ins> I <del>should chastise them; and the people</del> <ins>will chasten them. Peoples</ins> shall be gathered against <del>them, when they shall</del> <ins>them When I</ins> bind <del>themselves in</del> <ins>them for</ins> their two <del>furrows.</del> <ins>transgressions.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 10:11]</b> <del>And</del> Ephraim is <del>as an</del> <ins>a trained</ins> heifer <del>that is taught, and loveth</del> <ins>That loves</ins> to <del>tread out the corn; but</del> <ins>thresh grain; But</ins> I <del>passed over upon</del> <ins>harnessed</ins> her fair <del>neck:</del> <ins>neck,</ins> I will make Ephraim <del>to ride;</del> <ins>pull a plow.</ins> Judah shall <del>plow, and</del> <ins>plow;</ins> Jacob shall break his <del>clods.</del> <ins>clods."</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 10:12]</b> Sow <del>to</del> <ins>for</ins> yourselves <del>in righteousness, reap</del> <ins>righteousness; Reap</ins> in mercy; <del>break</del> <ins>Break</ins> up your fallow <del>ground: for</del> <ins>ground, For</ins> it is time to seek the LORD, <del>till he come</del> <ins>Till He comes</ins> and <del>rain</del> <ins>rains</ins> righteousness <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> you.</p><p><b>[Hosea 10:13]</b> <del>Ye</del> <ins>You</ins> have plowed <del>wickedness, ye</del> <ins>wickedness; You</ins> have reaped <del>iniquity; ye</del> <ins>iniquity. You</ins> have eaten the fruit of <del>lies: because thou didst trust</del> <ins>lies, Because you trusted</ins> in <del>thy</del> <ins>your own</ins> way, <del>in</del> <ins>In</ins> the multitude of <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> mighty men.</p><p><b>[Hosea 10:14]</b> Therefore <del>shall a</del> tumult <ins>shall</ins> arise among <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> people, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> all <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> fortresses shall be <del>spoiled, as</del> <ins>plundered As</ins> Shalman <del>spoiled Betharbel</del> <ins>plundered Beth Arbel</ins> in the day of <del>battle: the</del> <ins>battle--A</ins> mother <del>was</del> dashed in pieces upon her children.</p><p><b>[Hosea 10:15]</b> <del>So</del> <ins>Thus it</ins> shall <del>Bethel do unto you because</del> <ins>be done to you, O Bethel, Because</ins> of your great <del>wickedness: in a morning shall</del> <ins>wickedness. At dawn</ins> the king of Israel <del>utterly</del> <ins>Shall</ins> be cut <del>off.</del> <ins>off utterly.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 11:1]</b> <del>When</del> <ins>"When</ins> Israel was a child, <del>then</del> I loved him, <del>and called my son</del> <ins>And</ins> out of <del>Egypt.</del> <ins>Egypt I called My son.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 11:2]</b> As they called them, <del>so</del> <ins>So</ins> they went from <del>them: they</del> <ins>them; They</ins> sacrificed <del>unto Baalim, and</del> <ins>to the Baals, And</ins> burned incense to <del>graven</del> <ins>carved</ins> images.</p><p><b>[Hosea 11:3]</b> <del>I</del> <ins>"I</ins> taught Ephraim <del>also</del> to <del>go, taking</del> <ins>walk, Taking</ins> them by their arms; <del>but</del> <ins>But</ins> they <del>knew</del> <ins>did</ins> not <ins>know</ins> that I healed them.</p><p><b>[Hosea 11:4]</b> I drew them with <del>cords of a man, with</del> <ins>gentle cords, With</ins> bands of <del>love: and</del> <ins>love, And</ins> I was to them as <del>they that</del> <ins>those who</ins> take <del>off</del> the yoke <del>on</del> <ins>from</ins> their <del>jaws, and</del> <ins>neck.</ins> I <del>laid meat unto</del> <ins>stooped and fed</ins> them.</p><p><b>[Hosea 11:5]</b> <del>He</del> <ins>"He</ins> shall not return <del>into</del> <ins>to</ins> the land of <del>Egypt, and</del> <ins>Egypt; But</ins> the Assyrian shall be his king, <del>because</del> <ins>Because</ins> they refused to <del>return.</del> <ins>repent.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 11:6]</b> And the sword shall <del>abide on</del> <ins>slash in</ins> his cities, <del>and shall consume</del> <ins>Devour</ins> his <del>branches, and devour</del> <ins>districts, And consume</ins> them, <del>because</del> <ins>Because</ins> of their own counsels.</p><p><b>[Hosea 11:7]</b> <del>And my</del> <ins>My</ins> people are bent <del>to</del> <ins>on</ins> backsliding from <del>me: though</del> <ins>Me. Though</ins> they <del>called them</del> <ins>call</ins> to the <del>most</del> <ins>Most</ins> High, <del>none</del> <ins>None</ins> at all <del>would</del> exalt <del>him.</del> <ins>Him.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 11:8]</b> <del>How shall</del> <ins>"How can</ins> I give <del>thee</del> <ins>you</ins> up, Ephraim? <del>how shall</del> <ins>How can</ins> I <del>deliver thee,</del> <ins>hand you over,</ins> Israel? <del>how shall</del> <ins>How can</ins> I make <del>thee as</del> <ins>you like</ins> Admah? <del>how shall</del> <ins>How can</ins> I set <del>thee as Zeboim? mine</del> <ins>you like Zeboiim? My</ins> heart <del>is turned</del> <ins>churns</ins> within <del>me, my repentings are kindled together.</del> <ins>Me; My sympathy is stirred.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 11:9]</b> I will not execute the fierceness of <del>mine anger,</del> <ins>My anger;</ins> I will not <del>return to</del> <ins>again</ins> destroy <del>Ephraim: for</del> <ins>Ephraim. For</ins> I am God, and not <del>man; the</del> <ins>man, The</ins> Holy One in <del>the midst of thee: and</del> <ins>your midst; And</ins> I will not <del>enter into the city.</del> <ins>come with terror.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 11:10]</b> <del>They</del> <ins>"They</ins> shall walk after the <del>LORD: he shall</del> <ins>LORD. He will</ins> roar like a <del>lion: when he</del> <ins>lion. When He roars, Then His sons</ins> shall <del>roar, then the children shall tremble</del> <ins>come trembling</ins> from the <del>west.</del> <ins>west;</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 11:11]</b> They shall <del>tremble as</del> <ins>come trembling like</ins> a bird <del>out of</del> <ins>from</ins> Egypt, <del>and as</del> <ins>Like</ins> a dove <del>out of</del> <ins>from</ins> the land of <del>Assyria: and</del> <ins>Assyria. And</ins> I will <del>place</del> <ins>let</ins> them <ins>dwell</ins> in their <del>houses, saith</del> <ins>houses," Says</ins> the LORD.</p><p><b>[Hosea 11:12]</b> <del>Ephraim compasseth me about</del> <ins>"Ephraim has encircled Me</ins> with lies, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> the house of Israel with <del>deceit: but</del> <ins>deceit; But</ins> Judah <del>yet ruleth</del> <ins>still walks</ins> with God, <del>and is faithful</del> <ins>Even</ins> with the <del>saints.</del> <ins>Holy One who is faithful.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 12:1]</b> <del>Ephraim feedeth</del> <ins>"Ephraim feeds</ins> on <ins>the</ins> wind, <del>and followeth after</del> <ins>And pursues</ins> the east <del>wind: he</del> <ins>wind; He</ins> daily <del>increaseth</del> <ins>increases</ins> lies and <del>desolation; and</del> <ins>desolation. Also</ins> they <del>do</del> make a covenant with the Assyrians, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> oil is carried <del>into</del> <ins>to</ins> Egypt.</p><p><b>[Hosea 12:2]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>"The</ins> LORD <del>hath</del> also <ins>brings</ins> a <del>controversy with</del> <ins>charge against</ins> Judah, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> will punish Jacob according to his ways; <del>according</del> <ins>According</ins> to his <del>doings</del> <ins>deeds He</ins> will <del>he</del> recompense him.</p><p><b>[Hosea 12:3]</b> He took his brother by the heel in the womb, <del>and by</del> <ins>And in</ins> his strength he <del>had power</del> <ins>struggled</ins> with <del>God:</del> <ins>God.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 12:4]</b> <del>Yea,</del> <ins>Yes,</ins> he <del>had power over</del> <ins>struggled with</ins> the <del>angel,</del> <ins>Angel</ins> and <del>prevailed: he</del> <ins>prevailed; He</ins> wept, and <del>made supplication unto him: he</del> <ins>sought favor from Him. He</ins> found <del>him</del> <ins>Him</ins> in Bethel, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> there <del>he spake with us;</del> <ins>He spoke to us--</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 12:5]</b> <del>Even</del> <ins>That is,</ins> the LORD God of <del>hosts; the</del> <ins>hosts. The</ins> LORD is <del>his memorial.</del> <ins>His memorable name.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 12:6]</b> <del>Therefore turn thou to thy God: keep</del> <ins>So you, by the help of your God, return; Observe</ins> mercy and <del>judgment and</del> <ins>justice, And</ins> wait on <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> God continually.</p><p><b>[Hosea 12:7]</b> <del>He is a merchant, the balances of deceit</del> <ins>"A cunning Canaanite! Deceitful scales</ins> are in his <del>hand: he loveth</del> <ins>hand; He loves</ins> to oppress.</p><p><b>[Hosea 12:8]</b> And Ephraim said, <del>Yet</del> <ins>"Surely</ins> I <del>am</del> <ins>have</ins> become rich, I have found <del>me out substance: in</del> <ins>wealth for myself; In</ins> all my <del>labours they</del> <ins>labors They</ins> shall find <del>none iniquity</del> in me <ins>no iniquity</ins> that <del>were sin.</del> <ins>is sin.'</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 12:9]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>"But</ins> I <del>that</del> am the LORD <del>thy God from</del> <ins>your God, Ever since</ins> the land of <del>Egypt</del> <ins>Egypt; I</ins> will <del>yet</del> <ins>again</ins> make <del>thee to</del> <ins>you</ins> dwell in <del>tabernacles, as</del> <ins>tents, As</ins> in the days of the <del>solemn</del> <ins>appointed</ins> feast.</p><p><b>[Hosea 12:10]</b> I have also spoken by the prophets, <del>and I</del> <ins>And</ins> have multiplied <del>visions, and used similitudes, by</del> <ins>visions; I have given symbols through</ins> the <del>ministry</del> <ins>witness</ins> of the <del>prophets.</del> <ins>prophets."</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 12:11]</b> <del>Is there iniquity in Gilead? surely</del> <ins>Though Gilead has idols--Surely</ins> they are <del>vanity:</del> <ins>vanity--Though</ins> they sacrifice <del>bullocks</del> <ins>bulls</ins> in <del>Gilgal; yea,</del> <ins>Gilgal, Indeed</ins> their altars <del>are as</del> <ins>shall be</ins> heaps in the furrows of the <del>fields.</del> <ins>field.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 12:12]</b> <del>And</del> Jacob fled <del>into</del> <ins>to</ins> the country of <del>Syria, and</del> <ins>Syria;</ins> Israel served for a <del>wife, and</del> <ins>spouse, And</ins> for a wife he <del>kept</del> <ins>tended</ins> sheep.</p><p><b>[Hosea 12:13]</b> <del>And by</del> <ins>By</ins> a prophet the LORD brought Israel out of Egypt, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> by a prophet <del>was</del> he <ins>was</ins> preserved.</p><p><b>[Hosea 12:14]</b> Ephraim provoked <del>him</del> <ins>Him</ins> to anger most <del>bitterly: therefore shall he leave</del> <ins>bitterly; Therefore</ins> his <del>blood</del> <ins>Lord will leave the guilt of his bloodshed</ins> upon him, <del>and</del> <ins>And return</ins> his reproach <del>shall his LORD return unto</del> <ins>upon</ins> him.</p><p><b>[Hosea 13:1]</b> When Ephraim <del>spake</del> <ins>spoke,</ins> trembling, <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> exalted himself in Israel; <del>but</del> <ins>But</ins> when he offended <del>in Baal,</del> <ins>through Baal worship,</ins> he died.</p><p><b>[Hosea 13:2]</b> <del>And now</del> <ins>Now</ins> they sin more and more, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> have made <del>them molten images</del> <ins>for themselves molded images, Idols</ins> of their silver, <del>and idols</del> according to their <del>own understanding, all</del> <ins>skill; All</ins> of it <ins>is</ins> the work of <del>the craftsmen: they</del> <ins>craftsmen. They</ins> say of them, <del>Let</del> <ins>"Let</ins> the men <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> sacrifice kiss the <del>calves.</del> <ins>calves!"</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 13:3]</b> Therefore they shall be <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> the morning cloud <del>and as</del> <ins>And like</ins> the early dew that <del>passeth</del> <ins>passes</ins> away, <del>as the</del> <ins>Like</ins> chaff <del>that is driven with the whirlwind out of the floor, and as the</del> <ins>blown off from a threshing floor And like</ins> smoke <del>out of the</del> <ins>from a</ins> chimney.</p><p><b>[Hosea 13:4]</b> <del>Yet</del> <ins>"Yet</ins> I am the LORD <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> God <del>from</del> <ins>Ever since</ins> the land of Egypt, <del>and thou shalt</del> <ins>And you shall</ins> know no <del>god</del> <ins>God</ins> but <del>me: for</del> <ins>Me; For</ins> there is no <del>saviour beside me.</del> <ins>savior besides Me.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 13:5]</b> I <del>did know thee</del> <ins>knew you</ins> in the wilderness, <del>in</del> <ins>In</ins> the land of great drought.</p><p><b>[Hosea 13:6]</b> <del>According to their pasture, so were</del> <ins>When</ins> they <del>filled;</del> <ins>had pasture,</ins> they were <del>filled,</del> <ins>filled; They were filled</ins> and their heart was exalted; <del>therefore have</del> <ins>Therefore</ins> they <del>forgotten me.</del> <ins>forgot Me.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 13:7]</b> <del>Therefore</del> <ins>"So</ins> I will be <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> them <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> a <del>lion: as</del> <ins>lion; Like</ins> a leopard by the <del>way will</del> <ins>road</ins> I <del>observe them:</del> <ins>will lurk;</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 13:8]</b> I will meet them <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> a bear <del>that is bereaved</del> <ins>deprived</ins> of her <del>whelps, and will rend the caul of their heart, and there will</del> <ins>cubs;</ins> I <ins>will tear open their rib cage, And there I will</ins> devour them like a <del>lion: the</del> <ins>lion. The</ins> wild beast shall tear them.</p><p><b>[Hosea 13:9]</b> <del>O</del> <ins>"O</ins> Israel, <del>thou hast destroyed thyself; but in me</del> <ins>you are destroyed, But your help</ins> is <del>thine help.</del> <ins>from Me.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 13:10]</b> I will be <del>thy king: where</del> <ins>your King; Where</ins> is any <del>other that</del> <ins>other, That he</ins> may save <del>thee</del> <ins>you</ins> in all <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> cities? <del>and thy</del> <ins>And your</ins> judges <del>of</del> <ins>to</ins> whom <del>thou saidst, Give</del> <ins>you said, "Give</ins> me a king and <del>princes?</del> <ins>princes'?</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 13:11]</b> I gave <del>thee</del> <ins>you</ins> a king in <del>mine</del> <ins>My</ins> anger, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> took him away in <del>my</del> <ins>My</ins> wrath.</p><p><b>[Hosea 13:12]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>"The</ins> iniquity of Ephraim is bound up; <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> sin is <del>hid.</del> <ins>stored up.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 13:13]</b> The sorrows of a <del>travailing</del> woman <ins>in childbirth</ins> shall come upon <del>him: he</del> <ins>him. He</ins> is an unwise <del>son; for</del> <ins>son, For</ins> he should not stay long <del>in the place of the breaking forth of children.</del> <ins>where children are born.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 13:14]</b> <del>I</del> <ins>"I</ins> will ransom them from the power of the grave; I will redeem them from <del>death:</del> <ins>death.</ins> O <del>death,</del> <ins>Death,</ins> I will be <del>thy plagues;</del> <ins>your plagues!</ins> O <del>grave,</del> <ins>Grave,</ins> I will be <del>thy destruction: repentance shall be hid</del> <ins>your destruction! Pity is hidden</ins> from <del>mine eyes.</del> <ins>My eyes."</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 13:15]</b> Though he <del>be</del> <ins>is</ins> fruitful among his brethren, <del>an</del> <ins>An</ins> east wind shall <del>come, the</del> <ins>come; The</ins> wind of the LORD shall come up from the <del>wilderness, and</del> <ins>wilderness. Then</ins> his spring shall become dry, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> his fountain shall be dried <del>up: he</del> <ins>up. He</ins> shall <del>spoil</del> <ins>plunder</ins> the <del>treasure</del> <ins>treasury</ins> of <del>all pleasant vessels.</del> <ins>every desirable prize.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 13:16]</b> Samaria <del>shall become desolate; for</del> <ins>is held guilty, For</ins> she <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> rebelled against her <del>God: they</del> <ins>God. They</ins> shall fall by the <del>sword: their</del> <ins>sword, Their</ins> infants shall be dashed in pieces, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> their women with child <del>shall be</del> ripped <del>up.</del> <ins>open.</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 14:1]</b> O <del>israel,</del> <ins>Israel,</ins> return <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the LORD <del>thy God; for thou hast fallen by thine iniquity.</del> <ins>your God, For you have stumbled because of your iniquity;</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 14:2]</b> Take <ins>words</ins> with <del>you words, and turn</del> <ins>you, And return</ins> to the <del>LORD: say unto him, Take</del> <ins>LORD. Say to Him, "Take</ins> away all <del>iniquity, and receive</del> <ins>iniquity; Receive</ins> us <del>graciously: so will</del> <ins>graciously, For</ins> we <del>render</del> <ins>will offer</ins> the <del>calves</del> <ins>sacrifices</ins> of our lips.</p><p><b>[Hosea 14:3]</b> <del>Asshur</del> <ins>Assyria</ins> shall not save <del>us; we</del> <ins>us, We</ins> will not ride <del>upon horses: neither</del> <ins>on horses, Nor</ins> will we say <del>any more</del> <ins>anymore</ins> to the work of our hands, <del>Ye</del> <ins>"You</ins> are our <del>gods: for</del> <ins>gods.' For</ins> in <del>thee</del> <ins>You</ins> the fatherless <del>findeth mercy.</del> <ins>finds mercy."</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 14:4]</b> <del>I</del> <ins>"I</ins> will heal their backsliding, I will love them <del>freely: for mine</del> <ins>freely, For My</ins> anger <del>is</del> <ins>has</ins> turned away from him.</p><p><b>[Hosea 14:5]</b> I will be <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> the dew <del>unto Israel: he</del> <ins>to Israel; He</ins> shall grow <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> the lily, <del>and cast forth</del> <ins>And lengthen</ins> his roots <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> Lebanon.</p><p><b>[Hosea 14:6]</b> His branches shall <del>spread, and his</del> <ins>spread; His</ins> beauty shall be <del>as the</del> <ins>like an</ins> olive tree, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> his <del>smell as</del> <ins>fragrance like</ins> Lebanon.</p><p><b>[Hosea 14:7]</b> <del>They that</del> <ins>Those who</ins> dwell under his shadow shall return; <del>they shall revive as the corn, and grow as the vine: the scent thereof</del> <ins>They</ins> shall be <del>as</del> <ins>revived like grain, And grow like a vine. Their scent shall be like</ins> the wine of Lebanon.</p><p><b>[Hosea 14:8]</b> <del>Ephraim</del> <ins>"Ephraim</ins> shall say, <del>What</del> <ins>"What</ins> have I to do <del>any more</del> <ins>anymore</ins> with <del>idols?</del> <ins>idols?'</ins> I have heard <del>him,</del> and observed <del>him:</del> <ins>him.</ins> I am like a green <del>fir tree. From me is thy</del> <ins>cypress tree; Your</ins> fruit <del>found.</del> <ins>is found in Me."</ins></p><p><b>[Hosea 14:9]</b> Who is <del>wise, and he shall</del> <ins>wise? Let him</ins> understand these <del>things? prudent, and he shall</del> <ins>things. Who is prudent? Let him</ins> know <del>them? for</del> <ins>them. For</ins> the ways of the LORD are <del>right, and the just shall</del> <ins>right; The righteous</ins> walk in <del>them: but the</del> <ins>them, But</ins> transgressors <del>shall fall therein.</del> <ins>stumble in them.</ins></p>