<p><b>[Jonah 1:1]</b> Now the word of the LORD came <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> Jonah the son of Amittai, saying,</p><p><b>[Jonah 1:2]</b> <del>Arise,</del> <ins>"Arise,</ins> go to Nineveh, that great city, and cry <ins>out</ins> against it; for their wickedness <del>is</del> <ins>has</ins> come up before <del>me.</del> <ins>Me."</ins></p><p><b>[Jonah 1:3]</b> But Jonah <del>rose up</del> <ins>arose</ins> to flee <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> Tarshish from the presence of the <del>LORD, and</del> <ins>LORD. He</ins> went down to <del>Joppa;</del> <ins>Joppa,</ins> and <del>he</del> found a ship going to <del>Tarshish:</del> <ins>Tarshish;</ins> so he paid the <del>fare thereof,</del> <ins>fare,</ins> and went down into it, to go with them <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> Tarshish from the presence of the LORD.</p><p><b>[Jonah 1:4]</b> But the LORD sent out a great wind <del>into</del> <ins>on</ins> the sea, and there was a mighty tempest <del>in</del> <ins>on</ins> the sea, so that the ship was <del>like</del> <ins>about</ins> to be <del>broken.</del> <ins>broken up.</ins></p><p><b>[Jonah 1:5]</b> Then the mariners were <del>afraid,</del> <ins>afraid;</ins> and <del>cried</del> every man <del>unto</del> <ins>cried out to</ins> his god, and <del>cast forth</del> <ins>threw</ins> the <del>wares</del> <ins>cargo</ins> that <del>were</del> <ins>was</ins> in the ship into the sea, to lighten <del>it of them.</del> <ins>the load.</ins> But Jonah <del>was</del> <ins>had</ins> gone down into the <del>sides</del> <ins>lowest parts</ins> of the <del>ship; and he lay,</del> <ins>ship, had lain down,</ins> and was fast asleep.</p><p><b>[Jonah 1:6]</b> So the <del>shipmaster</del> <ins>captain</ins> came to him, and said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> him, <del>What meanest thou, O</del> <ins>"What do you mean,</ins> sleeper? <del>arise,</del> <ins>Arise,</ins> call <del>upon thy God, if so be that</del> <ins>on your God; perhaps your</ins> God will <del>think upon</del> <ins>consider</ins> us, <ins>so</ins> that we <del>perish not.</del> <ins>may not perish."</ins></p><p><b>[Jonah 1:7]</b> And they said <del>every one</del> to <del>his fellow, Come, and</del> <ins>one another, "Come,</ins> let us cast lots, that we may know for whose cause this <del>evil is</del> <ins>trouble has come</ins> upon <del>us.</del> <ins>us."</ins> So they cast lots, and the lot fell <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> Jonah.</p><p><b>[Jonah 1:8]</b> Then <del>said</del> they <del>unto</del> <ins>said to</ins> him, <del>Tell us, we pray thee, for</del> <ins>"Please tell us! For</ins> whose cause <del>this evil</del> is <ins>this trouble</ins> upon <del>us;</del> <ins>us?</ins> What is <del>thine</del> <ins>your</ins> occupation? <del>and whence comest thou? what</del> <ins>And where do you come from? What</ins> is <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> country? <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> of what people <del>art thou?</del> <ins>are you?"</ins></p><p><b>[Jonah 1:9]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>So</ins> he said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> them, <del>I</del> <ins>"I</ins> am <del>an</del> <ins>a</ins> Hebrew; and I fear the LORD, the God of heaven, <del>which hath</del> <ins>who</ins> made the sea and the dry <del>land.</del> <ins>land."</ins></p><p><b>[Jonah 1:10]</b> Then <del>were</del> the men <ins>were</ins> exceedingly afraid, and said <del>unto him. Why hast thou</del> <ins>to him, "Why have you</ins> done <del>this?</del> <ins>this?"</ins> For the men knew that he fled from the presence of the LORD, because he had told them.</p><p><b>[Jonah 1:11]</b> Then <del>said</del> they <del>unto</del> <ins>said to</ins> him, <del>What</del> <ins>"What</ins> shall we do <del>unto thee,</del> <ins>to you</ins> that the sea may be calm <del>unto us?</del> for <ins>us?"--for</ins> the sea <del>wrought, and</del> was <ins>growing more</ins> tempestuous.</p><p><b>[Jonah 1:12]</b> And he said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> them, <del>Take</del> <ins>"Pick</ins> me <del>up,</del> <ins>up</ins> and <del>cast</del> <ins>throw</ins> me <del>forth</del> into the sea; <del>so shall</del> <ins>then</ins> the sea <del>be</del> <ins>will become</ins> calm <del>unto you:</del> for <ins>you. For</ins> I know that <del>for my sake</del> this great tempest is <del>upon you.</del> <ins>because of me."</ins></p><p><b>[Jonah 1:13]</b> Nevertheless the men rowed hard to <del>bring it</del> <ins>return</ins> to <del>the land;</del> <ins>land,</ins> but they could <del>not:</del> <ins>not,</ins> for the sea <del>wrought, and was</del> <ins>continued to grow more</ins> tempestuous against them.</p><p><b>[Jonah 1:14]</b> <del>Wherefore</del> <ins>Therefore</ins> they cried <del>unto</del> <ins>out to</ins> the <del>LORD,</del> <ins>LORD</ins> and said, <del>We beseech thee,</del> <ins>"We pray,</ins> O LORD, <del>we beseech thee,</del> <ins>please do not</ins> let us <del>not</del> perish for this man's life, and <del>lay</del> <ins>do</ins> not <del>upon</del> <ins>charge</ins> us <ins>with</ins> innocent <del>blood:</del> <ins>blood;</ins> for <del>thou,</del> <ins>You,</ins> O LORD, <del>hast</del> <ins>have</ins> done as it pleased <del>thee.</del> <ins>You."</ins></p><p><b>[Jonah 1:15]</b> So they <del>look</del> <ins>picked</ins> up <del>Jonah,</del> <ins>Jonah</ins> and <del>cast</del> <ins>threw</ins> him <del>forth</del> into the <del>sea:</del> <ins>sea,</ins> and the sea ceased from <del>her</del> <ins>its</ins> raging.</p><p><b>[Jonah 1:16]</b> Then the men feared the LORD exceedingly, and offered a sacrifice <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>LORD,</del> <ins>LORD</ins> and <del>made</del> <ins>took</ins> vows.</p><p><b>[Jonah 1:17]</b> Now the LORD had prepared a great fish to swallow <del>up</del> Jonah. And Jonah was in the belly of the fish three days and three nights.</p><p><b>[Jonah 2:1]</b> Then Jonah prayed <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the LORD his God <del>out of</del> <ins>from</ins> the fish's <del>belly,</del> <ins>belly.</ins></p><p><b>[Jonah 2:2]</b> And <del>said, I cried by reason of mine affliction unto the LORD, and</del> he <del>heard me;</del> <ins>said: "I cried</ins> out <ins>to the LORD because of my affliction, And He answered me. "Out</ins> of the belly of <del>hell cried I, and thou heardest</del> <ins>Sheol I cried, And You heard</ins> my voice.</p><p><b>[Jonah 2:3]</b> For <del>thou hadst</del> <ins>You</ins> cast me into the deep, <del>in</del> <ins>Into</ins> the <del>midst</del> <ins>heart</ins> of the <del>seas; and</del> <ins>seas, And</ins> the floods <del>compassed me about: all thy</del> <ins>surrounded me; All Your</ins> billows and <del>thy</del> <ins>Your</ins> waves passed over me.</p><p><b>[Jonah 2:4]</b> Then I said, <del>I am</del> <ins>"I have been</ins> cast out of <del>thy</del> <ins>Your</ins> sight; <del>yet</del> <ins>Yet</ins> I will look again toward <del>thy</del> <ins>Your</ins> holy <del>temple.</del> <ins>temple.'</ins></p><p><b>[Jonah 2:5]</b> The waters <del>compassed me about,</del> <ins>surrounded me,</ins> even to <del>the soul: the depth</del> <ins>my soul; The deep</ins> closed <del>me round about, the weeds</del> <ins>around me; Weeds</ins> were wrapped <del>about</del> <ins>around</ins> my head.</p><p><b>[Jonah 2:6]</b> I went down to the <del>bottoms</del> <ins>moorings</ins> of the mountains; <del>the</del> <ins>The</ins> earth with <del>her</del> <ins>its</ins> bars <del>was about</del> <ins>closed behind</ins> me <del>for ever: yet hast thou</del> <ins>forever; Yet You have</ins> brought up my life from <del>corruption,</del> <ins>the pit,</ins> O <del>LORD</del> <ins>LORD,</ins> my God.</p><p><b>[Jonah 2:7]</b> <del>When</del> <ins>"When</ins> my soul fainted within <del>me</del> <ins>me,</ins> I remembered the <del>LORD: and</del> <ins>LORD; And</ins> my prayer <del>came in unto thee, into thine</del> <ins>went up to You, Into Your</ins> holy temple.</p><p><b>[Jonah 2:8]</b> <del>They that observe lying vanities forsake</del> <ins>"Those who regard worthless idols Forsake</ins> their own <del>mercy.</del> <ins>Mercy.</ins></p><p><b>[Jonah 2:9]</b> But I will sacrifice <del>unto thee with</del> <ins>to You With</ins> the voice of thanksgiving; I will pay <del>that that</del> <ins>what</ins> I have vowed. Salvation is of the <del>LORD.</del> <ins>LORD."</ins></p><p><b>[Jonah 2:10]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>So</ins> the LORD <del>spake unto</del> <ins>spoke to</ins> the fish, and it vomited <del>out</del> Jonah <del>upon the</del> <ins>onto</ins> dry land.</p><p><b>[Jonah 3:1]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Now</ins> the word of the LORD came <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> Jonah the second time, saying,</p><p><b>[Jonah 3:2]</b> <del>Arise,</del> <ins>"Arise,</ins> go <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> Nineveh, that great city, and preach <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> it the <del>preaching</del> <ins>message</ins> that I <del>bid thee.</del> <ins>tell you."</ins></p><p><b>[Jonah 3:3]</b> So Jonah <del>arose,</del> <ins>arose</ins> and went <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> Nineveh, according to the word of the LORD. Now Nineveh was an <del>exceeding</del> <ins>exceedingly</ins> great <del>city of three days' journey.</del> <ins>city, a three-day journey in extent.</ins></p><p><b>[Jonah 3:4]</b> And Jonah began to enter <del>into</del> the city <del>a</del> <ins>on the first</ins> day's <del>journey, and</del> <ins>walk. Then</ins> he <del>cried,</del> <ins>cried out</ins> and said, <del>Yet</del> <ins>"Yet</ins> forty days, and Nineveh shall be <del>overthrown.</del> <ins>overthrown!"</ins></p><p><b>[Jonah 3:5]</b> So the people of Nineveh believed God, <del>and</del> proclaimed a fast, and put on sackcloth, from the greatest <del>of them even</del> to the least of them.</p><p><b>[Jonah 3:6]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>Then</ins> word came <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the king of <del>Nineveh,</del> <ins>Nineveh;</ins> and he arose from his <del>throne,</del> <ins>throne</ins> and <del>he</del> laid <ins>aside</ins> his <del>robe from him, and</del> <ins>robe,</ins> covered <del>him</del> <ins>himself</ins> with <del>sackcloth,</del> <ins>sackcloth</ins> and sat in ashes.</p><p><b>[Jonah 3:7]</b> And he caused it to be proclaimed and published <del>through</del> <ins>throughout</ins> Nineveh by the decree of the king and his nobles, saying, Let neither man nor beast, herd nor flock, taste <del>any thing:</del> <ins>anything; do not</ins> let them <del>not feed, nor</del> <ins>eat, or</ins> drink <del>water:</del> <ins>water.</ins></p><p><b>[Jonah 3:8]</b> But let man and beast be covered with sackcloth, and cry mightily <del>unto God: yea,</del> <ins>to God; yes,</ins> let <del>them turn</del> every one <ins>turn</ins> from his evil <del>way,</del> <ins>way</ins> and from the violence that is in <del>their</del> <ins>his</ins> hands.</p><p><b>[Jonah 3:9]</b> Who can tell if God will turn and <del>repent,</del> <ins>relent,</ins> and turn away from <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> fierce anger, <ins>so</ins> that we <del>perish not?</del> <ins>may not perish?</ins></p><p><b>[Jonah 3:10]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> God saw their works, that they turned from their evil way; and God <del>repented of</del> <ins>relented from</ins> the <del>evil,</del> <ins>disaster</ins> that <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> had said <del>that he</del> <ins>He</ins> would <del>do unto them;</del> <ins>bring upon them,</ins> and <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> did <del>it not.</del> <ins>not do it.</ins></p><p><b>[Jonah 4:1]</b> But it displeased Jonah exceedingly, and he <del>was very</del> <ins>became</ins> angry.</p><p><b>[Jonah 4:2]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>So</ins> he prayed <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the LORD, and said, <del>I pray thee, O</del> <ins>"Ah,</ins> LORD, was not this <del>my saying,</del> <ins>what I said</ins> when I was <del>yet</del> <ins>still</ins> in my country? Therefore I fled <del>before unto Tarshish:</del> <ins>previously to Tarshish;</ins> for I <del>knew</del> <ins>know</ins> that <del>thou art</del> <ins>You are</ins> a gracious <del>God,</del> and <del>merciful,</del> <ins>merciful God,</ins> slow to <del>anger,</del> <ins>anger</ins> and <del>of great kindness, and repentest thee of the evil.</del> <ins>abundant in lovingkindness, One who relents from doing harm.</ins></p><p><b>[Jonah 4:3]</b> Therefore now, O LORD, <del>take, I beseech thee,</del> <ins>please take</ins> my life from <del>me;</del> <ins>me,</ins> for it is better for me to die than to <del>live.</del> <ins>live!"</ins></p><p><b>[Jonah 4:4]</b> Then <del>said</del> the <del>LORD, Doest thou well</del> <ins>LORD said, "Is it right for you</ins> to be <del>angry?</del> <ins>angry?"</ins></p><p><b>[Jonah 4:5]</b> So Jonah went out of the <del>city,</del> <ins>city</ins> and sat on the east side of the <del>city, and there</del> <ins>city. There he</ins> made <del>him</del> <ins>himself</ins> a <del>booth,</del> <ins>shelter</ins> and sat under it in the <del>shadow,</del> <ins>shade,</ins> till he might see what would become of the city.</p><p><b>[Jonah 4:6]</b> And the LORD God prepared a <del>gourd,</del> <ins>plant</ins> and made it <del>to</del> come up over Jonah, that it might be <del>a shadow over</del> <ins>shade for</ins> his <del>head,</del> <ins>head</ins> to deliver him from his <del>grief.</del> <ins>misery.</ins> So Jonah was <del>exceeding glad of</del> <ins>very grateful for</ins> the <del>gourd.</del> <ins>plant.</ins></p><p><b>[Jonah 4:7]</b> But <ins>as morning dawned the next day</ins> God prepared a <del>worm when the morning rose the next day,</del> <ins>worm,</ins> and it <del>smote</del> <ins>so damaged</ins> the <del>gourd</del> <ins>plant</ins> that it withered.</p><p><b>[Jonah 4:8]</b> And it <del>came to pass,</del> <ins>happened,</ins> when the sun <del>did arise,</del> <ins>arose,</ins> that God prepared a vehement east wind; and the sun beat <del>upon the head of Jonah,</del> <ins>on Jonah's head, so</ins> that he <del>fainted, and</del> <ins>grew faint. Then he</ins> wished <del>in himself to die,</del> <ins>death for himself,</ins> and said, <del>It</del> <ins>"It</ins> is better for me to die than to <del>live.</del> <ins>live."</ins></p><p><b>[Jonah 4:9]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> God said to Jonah, <del>Doest thou well</del> <ins>"Is it right for you</ins> to be angry <del>for</del> <ins>about</ins> the <del>gourd?</del> <ins>plant?"</ins> And he said, <del>I do well</del> <ins>"It is right for me</ins> to be angry, even <del>unto death.</del> <ins>to death!"</ins></p><p><b>[Jonah 4:10]</b> <del>Then said</del> <ins>But</ins> the <del>LORD, Thou hast</del> <ins>LORD said, "You have</ins> had pity on the <del>gourd,</del> <ins>plant</ins> for <del>the</del> which <del>thou hast</del> <ins>you have</ins> not <del>laboured, neither madest</del> <ins>labored, nor made</ins> it <del>grow;</del> <ins>grow,</ins> which came up in a <del>night,</del> <ins>night</ins> and perished in a <del>night:</del> <ins>night.</ins></p><p><b>[Jonah 4:11]</b> And should <del>not</del> I <del>spare</del> <ins>not pity</ins> Nineveh, that great city, <del>wherein</del> <ins>in which</ins> are more than <del>sixscore</del> <ins>one hundred and twenty</ins> thousand persons <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> cannot discern between their right hand and their <del>left hand; and also</del> <ins>left--and</ins> much <del>cattle?</del> <ins>livestock?"</ins></p>