<p><b>[Jude 1:1]</b> Jude, <del>the servant</del> <ins>a bondservant</ins> of Jesus Christ, and brother of James, <del>to them that</del> <ins>To those who</ins> are <ins>called,</ins> sanctified by God the Father, and preserved in Jesus <del>Christ, and called:</del> <ins>Christ:</ins></p><p><b>[Jude 1:2]</b> <del>Mercy unto you, and</del> <ins>Mercy,</ins> peace, and <del>love,</del> <ins>love</ins> be <del>multiplied.</del> <ins>multiplied to you.</ins></p><p><b>[Jude 1:3]</b> Beloved, <del>when</del> <ins>while</ins> I <del>gave all diligence</del> <ins>was very diligent</ins> to write <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> you <del>of the</del> <ins>concerning our</ins> common salvation, <ins>I found</ins> it <del>was needful for me</del> <ins>necessary</ins> to write <del>unto you, and exhort</del> <ins>to</ins> you <del>that ye should earnestly</del> <ins>exhorting you to</ins> contend <ins>earnestly</ins> for the faith which was once <ins>for all</ins> delivered <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the saints.</p><p><b>[Jude 1:4]</b> For <del>there are</del> certain men <ins>have</ins> crept in <del>unawares,</del> <ins>unnoticed,</ins> who <ins>long ago</ins> were <del>before of old ordained to</del> <ins>marked out for</ins> this condemnation, ungodly men, <del>turning</del> <ins>who turn</ins> the grace of our God into <del>lasciviousness,</del> <ins>lewdness</ins> and <del>denying</del> <ins>deny</ins> the only Lord <del>God,</del> <ins>God</ins> and our Lord Jesus Christ.</p><p><b>[Jude 1:5]</b> <ins>But</ins> I <del>will therefore put you in remembrance,</del> <ins>want to remind you,</ins> though <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> once knew this, <del>how</del> that the Lord, having saved the people out of the land of Egypt, afterward destroyed <del>them that believed not.</del> <ins>those who did not believe.</ins></p><p><b>[Jude 1:6]</b> And the angels <del>which kept</del> <ins>who did</ins> not <ins>keep</ins> their <del>first estate,</del> <ins>proper domain,</ins> but left their own <del>habitation, he hath</del> <ins>abode, He has</ins> reserved in everlasting chains under darkness <del>unto</del> <ins>for</ins> the judgment of the great <del>day.</del> <ins>day;</ins></p><p><b>[Jude 1:7]</b> <del>Even</del> as Sodom and <del>Gomorrha,</del> <ins>Gomorrah,</ins> and the cities <del>about</del> <ins>around</ins> them in <del>like manner, giving</del> <ins>a similar manner to these, having given</ins> themselves over to <del>fornication,</del> <ins>sexual immorality</ins> and <del>going</del> <ins>gone</ins> after strange flesh, are set forth <del>for</del> <ins>as</ins> an example, suffering the vengeance of eternal fire.</p><p><b>[Jude 1:8]</b> Likewise also these <del>filthy</del> dreamers defile the flesh, <del>despise dominion,</del> <ins>reject authority,</ins> and speak evil of <del>dignities.</del> <ins>dignitaries.</ins></p><p><b>[Jude 1:9]</b> Yet Michael the archangel, <del>when</del> <ins>in</ins> contending with the <del>devil</del> <ins>devil, when</ins> he disputed about the body of Moses, <del>durst</del> <ins>dared</ins> not bring against him a <del>railing</del> <ins>reviling</ins> accusation, but said, <del>The</del> <ins>"The</ins> Lord rebuke <del>thee.</del> <ins>you!"</ins></p><p><b>[Jude 1:10]</b> But these speak evil of <del>those things which</del> <ins>whatever</ins> they <del>know not: but what</del> <ins>do not know; and whatever</ins> they know naturally, <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> brute beasts, in <del>those</del> <ins>these</ins> things they corrupt themselves.</p><p><b>[Jude 1:11]</b> Woe <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> them! <del>for</del> <ins>For</ins> they have gone in the way of Cain, <del>and ran</del> <ins>have run</ins> greedily <del>after</del> <ins>in</ins> the error of Balaam for <del>reward,</del> <ins>profit,</ins> and perished in the <del>gainsaying</del> <ins>rebellion</ins> of <del>Core.</del> <ins>Korah.</ins></p><p><b>[Jude 1:12]</b> These are spots in your <del>feasts of charity, when</del> <ins>love feasts, while</ins> they feast with <del>you, feeding themselves</del> <ins>you</ins> without <del>fear: clouds they</del> <ins>fear, serving only themselves. They</ins> are <ins>clouds</ins> without water, carried about <del>of</del> <ins>by the</ins> winds; <ins>late autumn</ins> trees <del>whose fruit withereth,</del> without fruit, twice dead, <del>plucked</del> <ins>pulled</ins> up by the roots;</p><p><b>[Jude 1:13]</b> <del>Raging</del> <ins>raging</ins> waves of the sea, foaming <del>out</del> <ins>up</ins> their own shame; wandering <del>stars, to</del> <ins>stars for</ins> whom is reserved the blackness of darkness <del>for ever.</del> <ins>forever.</ins></p><p><b>[Jude 1:14]</b> <del>And Enoch also,</del> <ins>Now Enoch,</ins> the seventh from Adam, prophesied <del>of these,</del> <ins>about these men also,</ins> saying, <del>Behold,</del> <ins>"Behold,</ins> the Lord <del>cometh</del> <ins>comes</ins> with ten thousands of <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> saints,</p><p><b>[Jude 1:15]</b> <del>To</del> <ins>to</ins> execute judgment <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> all, <del>and</del> to <del>convince</del> <ins>convict</ins> all <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> are ungodly among them of all their ungodly deeds which they have <ins>committed in an</ins> ungodly <del>committed,</del> <ins>way,</ins> and of all <del>their hard speeches</del> <ins>the harsh things</ins> which ungodly sinners have spoken against <del>him.</del> <ins>Him."</ins></p><p><b>[Jude 1:16]</b> These are <del>murmurers,</del> <ins>grumblers,</ins> complainers, walking <del>after</del> <ins>according to</ins> their own lusts; and <del>their</del> <ins>they</ins> mouth <del>speaketh</del> great swelling words, <del>having men's persons in admiration because of</del> <ins>flattering people to gain</ins> advantage.</p><p><b>[Jude 1:17]</b> <del>But,</del> <ins>But you,</ins> beloved, remember <del>ye</del> the words which were spoken before <del>of</del> <ins>by</ins> the apostles of our Lord Jesus <del>Christ;</del> <ins>Christ:</ins></p><p><b>[Jude 1:18]</b> <del>How that</del> <ins>how</ins> they told you <ins>that</ins> there <del>should</del> <ins>would</ins> be mockers in the last <del>time,</del> <ins>time</ins> who <del>should</del> <ins>would</ins> walk <del>after</del> <ins>according to</ins> their own ungodly lusts.</p><p><b>[Jude 1:19]</b> These <del>be they</del> <ins>are sensual persons,</ins> who <del>separate themselves, sensual, having</del> <ins>cause divisions,</ins> not <ins>having</ins> the Spirit.</p><p><b>[Jude 1:20]</b> But <del>ye,</del> <ins>you,</ins> beloved, building <del>up</del> yourselves <ins>up</ins> on your most holy faith, praying in the Holy <del>Ghost,</del> <ins>Spirit,</ins></p><p><b>[Jude 1:21]</b> <del>Keep</del> <ins>keep</ins> yourselves in the love of God, looking for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life.</p><p><b>[Jude 1:22]</b> And <del>of</del> <ins>on</ins> some have compassion, making a <del>difference:</del> <ins>distinction;</ins></p><p><b>[Jude 1:23]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>but</ins> others save with fear, pulling them out of the <del>fire;</del> <ins>fire,</ins> hating even the garment <del>spotted</del> <ins>defiled</ins> by the flesh.</p><p><b>[Jude 1:24]</b> Now <del>unto him that</del> <ins>to Him who</ins> is able to keep you from <del>falling, and</del> <ins>stumbling, And</ins> to present you faultless <del>before</del> <ins>Before</ins> the presence of <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> glory with exceeding joy,</p><p><b>[Jude 1:25]</b> To <del>the only wise</del> God our <del>Saviour, be</del> <ins>Savior, Who alone is wise, Be</ins> glory and majesty, <del>dominion</del> <ins>Dominion</ins> and power, <del>both</del> <ins>Both</ins> now and <del>ever.</del> <ins>forever.</ins> Amen.</p>