<p><b>[Malachi 1:2]</b> <del>I</del> <ins>"I</ins> have loved <del>you, saith</del> <ins>you," says</ins> the LORD. <del>Yet ye</del> <ins>"Yet you</ins> say, <del>Wherein hast thou</del> <ins>"In what way have You</ins> loved <del>us?</del> <ins>us?'</ins> Was not Esau Jacob's <del>brother? saith</del> <ins>brother?" Says</ins> the <del>LORD: yet</del> <ins>LORD. "Yet Jacob</ins> I <del>loved Jacob,</del> <ins>have loved;</ins></p><p><b>[Malachi 1:3]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>But Esau</ins> I <del>hated Esau, and</del> <ins>have hated, And</ins> laid <ins>waste</ins> his mountains and his heritage <del>waste for</del> <ins>For</ins> the <del>dragons</del> <ins>jackals</ins> of the <del>wilderness.</del> <ins>wilderness."</ins></p><p><b>[Malachi 1:4]</b> <del>Whereas</del> <ins>Even though</ins> Edom <del>saith, We are</del> <ins>has said, "We have been</ins> impoverished, <del>but</del> <ins>But</ins> we will return and build the desolate <del>places; thus saith</del> <ins>places," Thus says</ins> the LORD of <del>hosts, They shall</del> <ins>hosts: "They may</ins> build, but I will throw down; <del>and they</del> <ins>They</ins> shall <del>call them, The border</del> <ins>be called the Territory</ins> of <del>wickedness, and, The</del> <ins>Wickedness, And the</ins> people against whom the LORD <del>hath</del> <ins>will have</ins> indignation <del>for ever.</del> <ins>forever.</ins></p><p><b>[Malachi 1:5]</b> <del>And your</del> <ins>Your</ins> eyes shall see, <del>and ye</del> <ins>And you</ins> shall say, <del>The</del> <ins>"The</ins> LORD <del>will be</del> <ins>is</ins> magnified <del>from</del> <ins>beyond</ins> the border of <del>Israel.</del> <ins>Israel.'</ins></p><p><b>[Malachi 1:6]</b> <del>A</del> <ins>"A</ins> son <del>honoureth</del> <ins>honors</ins> his father, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> a servant his <del>master: if</del> <ins>master. If</ins> then I <del>be a father, where</del> <ins>am the Father, Where</ins> is <del>mine honour? and</del> <ins>My honor? And</ins> if I <del>be</del> <ins>am</ins> a <del>master, where</del> <ins>Master, Where</ins> is <del>my fear? saith</del> <ins>My reverence? Says</ins> the LORD of hosts <del>unto you, O priests, that</del> <ins>To you priests who</ins> despise <del>my</del> <ins>My</ins> name. <del>And ye</del> <ins>Yet you</ins> say, <del>Wherein</del> <ins>"In what way</ins> have we despised <del>thy name?</del> <ins>Your name?'</ins></p><p><b>[Malachi 1:7]</b> <del>Ye</del> <ins>"You</ins> offer <del>polluted bread upon mine altar; and ye</del> <ins>defiled food on My altar, But</ins> say, <del>Wherein</del> <ins>"In what way</ins> have we <del>polluted thee? In that ye say, The</del> <ins>defiled You?' By saying, "The</ins> table of the LORD is <del>contemptible.</del> <ins>contemptible.'</ins></p><p><b>[Malachi 1:8]</b> And <del>if ye</del> <ins>when you</ins> offer the blind <del>for</del> <ins>as a</ins> sacrifice, <del>is</del> <ins>Is</ins> it not evil? <del>and if ye</del> <ins>And when you</ins> offer the lame and sick, <del>is</del> <ins>Is</ins> it not evil? <del>offer</del> <ins>Offer</ins> it <del>now unto thy governor; will</del> <ins>then to your governor! Would</ins> he be pleased with <del>thee, or</del> <ins>you? Would he</ins> accept <del>thy person? saith</del> <ins>you favorably?" Says</ins> the LORD of hosts.</p><p><b>[Malachi 1:9]</b> <del>And now, I pray you, beseech God that he will</del> <ins>"But now entreat God's favor, That He may</ins> be gracious <del>unto us:</del> <ins>to us. While</ins> this <del>hath been</del> <ins>is being done</ins> by your <del>means: will he regard your persons? saith</del> <ins>hands, Will He accept you favorably?" Says</ins> the LORD of hosts.</p><p><b>[Malachi 1:10]</b> <del>Who</del> <ins>"Who</ins> is there even among you <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> would shut the <del>doors for nought? neither do ye</del> <ins>doors, So that you would not</ins> kindle fire on <del>mine</del> <ins>My</ins> altar <del>for nought.</del> <ins>in vain?</ins> I have no pleasure in <del>you, saith</del> <ins>you," Says</ins> the LORD of hosts, <del>neither</del> <ins>"Nor</ins> will I accept an offering <del>at</del> <ins>from</ins> your <del>hand.</del> <ins>hands.</ins></p><p><b>[Malachi 1:11]</b> For from the rising of the <del>sun</del> <ins>sun,</ins> even <del>unto the</del> <ins>to its</ins> going <del>down of the same my</del> <ins>down, My</ins> name shall be great among the Gentiles; <del>and in</del> <ins>In</ins> every place incense shall be offered <del>unto my</del> <ins>to My</ins> name, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> a pure <del>offering: for my</del> <ins>offering; For My</ins> name shall be great among the <del>heathen, saith</del> <ins>nations," Says</ins> the LORD of hosts.</p><p><b>[Malachi 1:12]</b> <del>But ye have profaned</del> <ins>"But you profane</ins> it, <del>in</del> <ins>In</ins> that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> say, <del>The</del> <ins>"The</ins> table of the LORD is <del>polluted; and the fruit thereof, even his meat,</del> <ins>defiled; And its fruit, its food,</ins> is <del>contemptible.</del> <ins>contemptible.'</ins></p><p><b>[Malachi 1:13]</b> <del>Ye said also, Behold,</del> <ins>You also say, "Oh,</ins> what a <del>weariness is it! and ye have snuffed</del> <ins>weariness!' And you sneer</ins> at <del>it, saith</del> <ins>it," Says</ins> the LORD of <del>hosts; and ye brought that which was torn, and</del> <ins>hosts. "And you bring the stolen,</ins> the lame, and the sick; <del>thus ye brought</del> <ins>Thus you bring</ins> an <del>offering: should</del> <ins>offering! Should</ins> I accept this <del>of</del> <ins>from</ins> your <del>hand? saith</del> <ins>hand?" Says</ins> the LORD.</p><p><b>[Malachi 1:14]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>"But</ins> cursed be the <del>deceiver, which hath</del> <ins>deceiver Who has</ins> in his flock a male, <del>and voweth, and sacrificeth unto the LORD</del> <ins>And takes</ins> a <del>corrupt thing: for</del> <ins>vow, But sacrifices to the Lord what is blemished--For</ins> I am a great <del>King, saith</del> <ins>King," Says</ins> the LORD of hosts, <del>and my</del> <ins>"And My</ins> name is <del>dreadful</del> <ins>to be feared</ins> among the <del>heathen.</del> <ins>nations.</ins></p><p><b>[Malachi 2:1]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>"And</ins> now, O <del>ye</del> priests, this commandment is for you.</p><p><b>[Malachi 2:2]</b> If <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> will not hear, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> if <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> will not <del>lay</del> <ins>take</ins> it to heart, <del>to</del> <ins>To</ins> give glory <del>unto my name, saith</del> <ins>to My name," Says</ins> the LORD of hosts, <del>I</del> <ins>"I</ins> will <del>even</del> send a curse upon you, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> I will curse your <del>blessings: yea,</del> <ins>blessings. Yes,</ins> I have cursed them already, <del>because ye</del> <ins>Because you</ins> do not <del>lay</del> <ins>take</ins> it to heart.</p><p><b>[Malachi 2:3]</b> <del>Behold,</del> <ins>"Behold,</ins> I will <del>corrupt</del> <ins>rebuke</ins> your <del>seed, and</del> <ins>descendants And</ins> spread <del>dung upon</del> <ins>refuse on</ins> your faces, <del>even the dung</del> <ins>The refuse</ins> of your solemn feasts; <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> one <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> take you away with it.</p><p><b>[Malachi 2:4]</b> <del>And ye</del> <ins>Then you</ins> shall know that I have sent this commandment <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> you, <del>that my</del> <ins>That My</ins> covenant <del>might be</del> with <del>Levi, saith</del> <ins>Levi may continue," Says</ins> the LORD of hosts.</p><p><b>[Malachi 2:5]</b> <del>My</del> <ins>"My</ins> covenant was with <del>him</del> <ins>him, one</ins> of life and <del>peace; and</del> <ins>peace, And</ins> I gave them to him <del>for the</del> <ins>that he might</ins> fear <del>wherewith</del> <ins>Me; So</ins> he feared <del>me, and</del> <ins>Me And</ins> was <del>afraid</del> <ins>reverent</ins> before <del>my</del> <ins>My</ins> name.</p><p><b>[Malachi 2:6]</b> The law of truth was in his mouth, <del>and iniquity</del> <ins>And injustice</ins> was not found <del>in</del> <ins>on</ins> his <del>lips: he</del> <ins>lips. He</ins> walked with <del>me</del> <ins>Me</ins> in peace and equity, <del>and did turn</del> <ins>And turned</ins> many away from iniquity.</p><p><b>[Malachi 2:7]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>"For</ins> the <del>priest's</del> lips <ins>of a priest</ins> should keep knowledge, <del>and they</del> <ins>And people</ins> should seek the law <del>at</del> <ins>from</ins> his <del>mouth: for</del> <ins>mouth; For</ins> he is the messenger of the LORD of hosts.</p><p><b>[Malachi 2:8]</b> But <del>ye are</del> <ins>you have</ins> departed <del>out of</del> <ins>from</ins> the way; <del>ye</del> <ins>You</ins> have caused many to stumble at the <del>law; ye</del> <ins>law. You</ins> have corrupted the covenant of <del>Levi, saith</del> <ins>Levi," Says</ins> the LORD of hosts.</p><p><b>[Malachi 2:9]</b> <del>Therefore have</del> <ins>"Therefore</ins> I also <ins>have</ins> made you contemptible and base <del>before</del> <ins>Before</ins> all the people, <del>according as ye</del> <ins>Because you</ins> have not kept <del>my ways, but</del> <ins>My ways But</ins> have <del>been partial</del> <ins>shown partiality</ins> in the <del>law.</del> <ins>law."</ins></p><p><b>[Malachi 2:10]</b> Have we not all one <del>father? hath</del> <ins>Father? Has</ins> not one God created us? <del>why</del> <ins>Why</ins> do we deal treacherously <del>every man against his brother, by</del> <ins>with one another By</ins> profaning the covenant of <del>our</del> <ins>the</ins> fathers?</p><p><b>[Malachi 2:11]</b> Judah <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> dealt treacherously, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> an abomination <del>is</del> <ins>has been</ins> committed in Israel and in <del>Jerusalem; for</del> <ins>Jerusalem, For</ins> Judah <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> profaned <del>the holiness of the LORD</del> <ins>The LORD's holy institution</ins> which <del>he loved, and hath</del> <ins>He loves: He has</ins> married the daughter of a <del>strange</del> <ins>foreign</ins> god.</p><p><b>[Malachi 2:12]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>May the</ins> LORD <del>will</del> cut off <ins>from</ins> the <del>man that doeth this, the master and the scholar, out</del> <ins>tents</ins> of <del>the tabernacles of Jacob,</del> <ins>Jacob The man who does this, being awake</ins> and <del>him that offereth</del> <ins>aware, Yet who brings</ins> an offering <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the LORD of <del>hosts.</del> <ins>hosts!</ins></p><p><b>[Malachi 2:13]</b> And this <del>have ye done again, covering</del> <ins>is the second thing you do: You cover</ins> the altar of the LORD with tears, <del>with weeping,</del> <ins>With weeping</ins> and <del>with crying out, insomuch that he regardeth</del> <ins>crying; So He does</ins> not <ins>regard</ins> the offering <del>any more, or receiveth</del> <ins>anymore, Nor receive</ins> it with <del>good will at</del> <ins>goodwill from</ins> your <del>hand.</del> <ins>hands.</ins></p><p><b>[Malachi 2:14]</b> Yet <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> say, <del>Wherefore?</del> <ins>"For what reason?"</ins> Because the LORD <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> been witness <del>between thee</del> <ins>Between you</ins> and the wife of <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> youth, <del>against</del> <ins>With</ins> whom <del>thou hast</del> <ins>you have</ins> dealt <del>treacherously: yet is</del> <ins>treacherously; Yet</ins> she <del>thy companion, and the</del> <ins>is your companion And your</ins> wife <del>of thy</del> <ins>by</ins> covenant.</p><p><b>[Malachi 2:15]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>But</ins> did <ins>He</ins> not <del>he</del> make <del>one? Yet had he the residue</del> <ins>them one, Having a remnant</ins> of the <del>spirit.</del> <ins>Spirit?</ins> And <del>wherefore</del> <ins>why</ins> one? <del>That he might seek a</del> <ins>He seeks</ins> godly <del>seed.</del> <ins>offspring.</ins> Therefore take heed to your spirit, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> let none deal treacherously <del>against</del> <ins>with</ins> the wife of his youth.</p><p><b>[Malachi 2:16]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>"For</ins> the <del>LORD, the</del> <ins>LORD</ins> God of <del>Israel, saith that he hateth putting away: for one covereth violence</del> <ins>Israel says That He hates divorce, For it covers one's garment</ins> with <del>his garment, saith</del> <ins>violence," Says</ins> the LORD of <del>hosts: therefore</del> <ins>hosts. "Therefore</ins> take heed to your spirit, <del>that ye deal</del> <ins>That you do</ins> not <del>treacherously.</del> <ins>deal treacherously."</ins></p><p><b>[Malachi 2:17]</b> <del>Ye</del> <ins>You</ins> have wearied the LORD with your <del>words.</del> <ins>words;</ins> Yet <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> say, <del>Wherein</del> <ins>"In what way</ins> have we wearied <del>him? When ye say, Every one</del> <ins>Him?" In</ins> that <del>doeth</del> <ins>you say, "Everyone who does</ins> evil <del>is</del> <ins>Is</ins> good in the sight of the LORD, <del>and he delighteth</del> <ins>And He delights</ins> in <del>them; or, Where</del> <ins>them," Or, "Where</ins> is the God of <del>judgment?</del> <ins>justice?"</ins></p><p><b>[Malachi 3:1]</b> <del>Behold,</del> <ins>"Behold,</ins> I <del>will</del> send <del>my</del> <ins>My</ins> messenger, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> he <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> prepare the way before <del>me: and</del> <ins>Me. And</ins> the <del>LORD,</del> <ins>Lord,</ins> whom <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> seek, <del>shall</del> <ins>Will</ins> suddenly come to <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> temple, <del>even</del> <ins>Even</ins> the <del>messenger</del> <ins>Messenger</ins> of the covenant, <ins>In</ins> whom <del>ye delight in: behold, he shall come, saith</del> <ins>you delight. Behold, He is coming," Says</ins> the LORD of hosts.</p><p><b>[Malachi 3:2]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>"But</ins> who <del>may abide</del> <ins>can endure</ins> the day of <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> coming? <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> who <del>shall</del> <ins>can</ins> stand when <del>he appeareth? for he</del> <ins>He appears? For He</ins> is like a refiner's <del>fire, and</del> <ins>fire And</ins> like <del>fullers' soap:</del> <ins>launderers' soap.</ins></p><p><b>[Malachi 3:3]</b> <del>And he shall</del> <ins>He will</ins> sit as a refiner and <ins>a</ins> purifier of <del>silver: and he shall</del> <ins>silver; He will</ins> purify the sons of Levi, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> purge them as gold and silver, <del>that</del> <ins>That</ins> they may offer <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the LORD <del>an</del> <ins>An</ins> offering in righteousness.</p><p><b>[Malachi 3:4]</b> <del>Then shall</del> <ins>"Then</ins> the offering of Judah and Jerusalem <ins>Will</ins> be pleasant <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the LORD, <del>as</del> <ins>As</ins> in the days of old, <del>and as</del> <ins>As</ins> in former years.</p><p><b>[Malachi 3:5]</b> And I will come near <del>to</del> you <del>to</del> <ins>for</ins> judgment; <del>and</del> I will be a swift witness <del>against the</del> <ins>Against</ins> sorcerers, <del>and against the</del> <ins>Against</ins> adulterers, <ins>Against perjurers, Against those who exploit wage earners</ins> and <del>against false swearers,</del> <ins>widows</ins> and <ins>orphans, And</ins> against those <del>that oppress the hireling in his wages, the widow, and the fatherless, and that</del> <ins>who</ins> turn <del>aside the stranger from his right, and fear</del> <ins>away an alien--Because they do</ins> not <del>me, saith</del> <ins>fear Me," Says</ins> the LORD of hosts.</p><p><b>[Malachi 3:6]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>"For</ins> I am the LORD, I <del>change not; therefore ye sons of Jacob</del> <ins>do not change; Therefore you</ins> are not <del>consumed.</del> <ins>consumed, O sons of Jacob.</ins></p><p><b>[Malachi 3:7]</b> <del>Even</del> <ins>Yet</ins> from the days of your fathers <del>ye are</del> <ins>You have</ins> gone away from <del>mine ordinances, and</del> <ins>My ordinances And</ins> have not kept them. Return <del>unto me,</del> <ins>to Me,</ins> and I will return <del>unto you, saith</del> <ins>to you," Says</ins> the LORD of hosts. <del>But ye</del> <ins>"But you</ins> said, <del>Wherein</del> <ins>"In what way</ins> shall we <del>return?</del> <ins>return?'</ins></p><p><b>[Malachi 3:8]</b> <del>Will</del> <ins>"Will</ins> a man rob God? Yet <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> have robbed <del>me.</del> <ins>Me!</ins> But <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> say, <del>Wherein</del> <ins>"In what way</ins> have we robbed <del>thee?</del> <ins>You?'</ins> In tithes and offerings.</p><p><b>[Malachi 3:9]</b> <del>Ye</del> <ins>You</ins> are cursed with a <del>curse: for ye</del> <ins>curse, For you</ins> have robbed <del>me, even</del> <ins>Me, Even</ins> this whole nation.</p><p><b>[Malachi 3:10]</b> Bring <del>ye</del> all the tithes into the storehouse, <del>that</del> <ins>That</ins> there may be <del>meat</del> <ins>food</ins> in <del>mine</del> <ins>My</ins> house, <del>and prove me</del> <ins>And try Me</ins> now <del>herewith, saith</del> <ins>in this," Says</ins> the LORD of hosts, <del>if</del> <ins>"If</ins> I will not open <ins>for</ins> you the windows of <del>heaven, and</del> <ins>heaven And</ins> pour <del>you</del> out <del>a blessing, that</del> <ins>for you such blessing That</ins> there <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> not be room enough to receive it.</p><p><b>[Malachi 3:11]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>"And</ins> I will rebuke the devourer for your sakes, <del>and</del> <ins>So that</ins> he <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> not destroy the <del>fruits</del> <ins>fruit</ins> of your <del>ground; neither</del> <ins>ground, Nor</ins> shall <del>your vine cast her fruit before</del> the <del>time</del> <ins>vine fail to bear fruit for you</ins> in the <del>field, saith</del> <ins>field," Says</ins> the LORD of <del>hosts.</del> <ins>hosts;</ins></p><p><b>[Malachi 3:12]</b> And all nations <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> call you <del>blessed: for ye shall</del> <ins>blessed, For you will</ins> be a <del>delightsome land, saith</del> <ins>delightful land," Says</ins> the LORD of hosts.</p><p><b>[Malachi 3:13]</b> <del>Your</del> <ins>"Your</ins> words have been <del>stout</del> <ins>harsh</ins> against <del>me, saith</del> <ins>Me," Says</ins> the <del>LORD. Yet ye</del> <ins>LORD, "Yet you</ins> say, <del>What</del> <ins>"What</ins> have we spoken <del>so much</del> against <del>thee?</del> <ins>You?'</ins></p><p><b>[Malachi 3:14]</b> <del>Ye</del> <ins>You</ins> have said, <del>It</del> <ins>"It</ins> is <del>vain</del> <ins>useless</ins> to serve <del>God: and what</del> <ins>God; What</ins> profit is it that we have kept <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> ordinance, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> that we have walked <del>mournfully before</del> <ins>as mourners Before</ins> the LORD of hosts?</p><p><b>[Malachi 3:15]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>So</ins> now we call the proud <del>happy; yea, they that work</del> <ins>blessed, For those who do</ins> wickedness are <del>set</del> <ins>raised</ins> up; <del>yea, they that</del> <ins>They even</ins> tempt God <del>are even delivered.</del> <ins>and go free."'</ins></p><p><b>[Malachi 3:16]</b> Then <del>they that</del> <ins>those who</ins> feared the LORD <del>spake often one</del> <ins>spoke</ins> to <del>another: and</del> <ins>one another, And</ins> the LORD <del>hearkened,</del> <ins>listened</ins> and heard <del>it, and</del> <ins>them; So</ins> a book of remembrance was written before <del>him for them that feared</del> <ins>Him For those who fear</ins> the <del>LORD, and that thought upon his</del> <ins>LORD And who meditate on His</ins> name.</p><p><b>[Malachi 3:17]</b> <del>And they</del> <ins>"They</ins> shall be <del>mine, saith</del> <ins>Mine," says</ins> the LORD of hosts, <del>in that</del> <ins>"On the</ins> day <del>when</del> <ins>that</ins> I make <del>up my jewels; and</del> <ins>them My jewels. And</ins> I will spare <del>them, as</del> <ins>them As</ins> a man <del>spareth</del> <ins>spares</ins> his own son <del>that serveth him.</del> <ins>who serves him."</ins></p><p><b>[Malachi 3:18]</b> Then <ins>you</ins> shall <del>ye return, and</del> <ins>again</ins> discern <del>between</del> <ins>Between</ins> the righteous and the wicked, <del>between him that serveth</del> <ins>Between one who serves</ins> God <del>and him that serveth him not.</del> <ins>And one who does not serve Him.</ins></p><p><b>[Malachi 4:1]</b> <del>For,</del> <ins>"For</ins> behold, the day <del>cometh, that shall burn as</del> <ins>is coming, Burning like</ins> an <del>oven; and</del> <ins>oven, And</ins> all the proud, <del>yea, and</del> <ins>yes,</ins> all <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> do <del>wickedly, shall</del> <ins>wickedly will</ins> be <del>stubble: and</del> <ins>stubble. And</ins> the day <del>that cometh</del> <ins>which is coming</ins> shall burn them <del>up, saith</del> <ins>up," Says</ins> the LORD of hosts, <del>that it shall</del> <ins>"That will</ins> leave them neither root nor branch.</p><p><b>[Malachi 4:2]</b> But <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> you <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> fear <del>my</del> <ins>My</ins> name <del>shall the</del> <ins>The</ins> Sun of <del>righteousness</del> <ins>Righteousness shall</ins> arise <del>with</del> <ins>With</ins> healing in <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> wings; <del>and ye</del> <ins>And you</ins> shall go <del>forth, and</del> <ins>out And</ins> grow <del>up as calves of the stall.</del> <ins>fat like stall-fed calves.</ins></p><p><b>[Malachi 4:3]</b> <del>And ye</del> <ins>You</ins> shall <del>tread down</del> <ins>trample</ins> the <del>wicked; for</del> <ins>wicked, For</ins> they shall be ashes under the soles of your feet <del>in</del> <ins>On</ins> the day that I <del>shall</del> do <del>this, saith</del> <ins>this," Says</ins> the LORD of hosts.</p><p><b>[Malachi 4:4]</b> <del>Remember ye</del> <ins>"Remember</ins> the <del>law</del> <ins>Law</ins> of <del>Moses my</del> <ins>Moses, My</ins> servant, <del>which</del> <ins>Which</ins> I commanded <del>unto</del> him in Horeb for all Israel, <del>with</del> <ins>With</ins> the statutes and judgments.</p><p><b>[Malachi 4:5]</b> Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet <del>before</del> <ins>Before</ins> the coming of the great and dreadful day of the <del>LORD:</del> <ins>LORD.</ins></p><p><b>[Malachi 4:6]</b> And he <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> turn <del>the heart</del> <ins>The hearts</ins> of the fathers to the children, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> the <del>heart</del> <ins>hearts</ins> of the children to their fathers, <del>lest</del> <ins>Lest</ins> I come and <del>smite</del> <ins>strike</ins> the earth with a <del>curse.</del> <ins>curse."</ins></p>