<p><b>[Micah 1:1]</b> The word of the LORD that came to Micah <del>the Morasthite</del> <ins>of Moresheth</ins> in the days of Jotham, Ahaz, and Hezekiah, kings of Judah, which he saw concerning Samaria and Jerusalem.</p><p><b>[Micah 1:2]</b> Hear, all <del>ye people; hearken,</del> <ins>you peoples! Listen,</ins> O earth, and all that <del>therein is: and let</del> <ins>is in it! Let</ins> the Lord GOD be <ins>a</ins> witness against you, <del>the LORD</del> <ins>The Lord</ins> from <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> holy temple.</p><p><b>[Micah 1:3]</b> <del>For,</del> <ins>For</ins> behold, the LORD <del>cometh forth</del> <ins>is coming</ins> out of <del>his place, and</del> <ins>His place; He</ins> will come <del>down, and</del> <ins>down And</ins> tread <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> the high places of the earth.</p><p><b>[Micah 1:4]</b> <ins>The mountains will melt under Him,</ins> And the <del>mountains shall be molten under him, and the</del> valleys <del>shall be cleft, as</del> <ins>will split Like</ins> wax before the fire, <del>and as the</del> <ins>Like</ins> waters <del>that are</del> poured down a steep place.</p><p><b>[Micah 1:5]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>All this is for</ins> the transgression of Jacob <del>is all this, and</del> <ins>And</ins> for the sins of the house of Israel. What is the transgression of Jacob? <del>is</del> <ins>Is</ins> it not Samaria? <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> what are the high places of Judah? <del>are</del> <ins>Are</ins> they not Jerusalem?</p><p><b>[Micah 1:6]</b> <del>Therefore</del> <ins>"Therefore</ins> I will make Samaria <del>as an</del> <ins>a</ins> heap of <ins>ruins in</ins> the field, <del>and as plantings of</del> <ins>Places for planting</ins> a <del>vineyard: and</del> <ins>vineyard;</ins> I will pour down <del>the</del> <ins>her</ins> stones <del>thereof</del> into the valley, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> I will <del>discover the foundations thereof.</del> <ins>uncover her foundations.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 1:7]</b> <del>And all the graven</del> <ins>All her carved</ins> images <del>thereof</del> shall be beaten to pieces, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> all <del>the hires thereof</del> <ins>her pay as a harlot</ins> shall be burned with the <del>fire, and all the</del> <ins>fire; All her</ins> idols <del>thereof will</del> I <ins>will</ins> lay <del>desolate: for</del> <ins>desolate, For</ins> she gathered it <del>of</del> <ins>from</ins> the <del>hire</del> <ins>pay</ins> of <del>an</del> <ins>a</ins> harlot, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> they shall return to the <del>hire</del> <ins>pay</ins> of <del>an harlot.</del> <ins>a harlot."</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 1:8]</b> Therefore I will wail and howl, I will go stripped and <del>naked:</del> <ins>naked;</ins> I will make a wailing like the <del>dragons, and</del> <ins>jackals And a</ins> mourning <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> the <del>owls.</del> <ins>ostriches,</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 1:9]</b> For her <del>wound is incurable; for</del> <ins>wounds are incurable. For</ins> it <del>is</del> <ins>has</ins> come <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> Judah; <del>he is</del> <ins>It has</ins> come <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the gate of <del>my people, even to</del> <ins>My people--To</ins> Jerusalem.</p><p><b>[Micah 1:10]</b> <del>Declare ye</del> <ins>Tell</ins> it not <del>at</del> <ins>in</ins> Gath, <del>weep ye</del> <ins>Weep</ins> not at <del>all: in the house of</del> <ins>all; In Beth</ins> Aphrah <del>roll thyself</del> <ins>Roll yourself</ins> in the dust.</p><p><b>[Micah 1:11]</b> Pass <del>ye away, thou</del> <ins>by in naked shame, you</ins> inhabitant of <del>Saphir, having thy shame naked: the</del> <ins>Shaphir; The</ins> inhabitant of Zaanan <del>came</del> <ins>does</ins> not <del>forth in the mourning of Bethezel; he shall receive of you his standing.</del> <ins>go out. Beth Ezel mourns; Its place to stand is taken away from you.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 1:12]</b> For the inhabitant of Maroth <del>waited carefully</del> <ins>pined</ins> for <del>good: but evil</del> <ins>good, But disaster</ins> came down from the LORD <del>unto</del> <ins>To</ins> the gate of Jerusalem.</p><p><b>[Micah 1:13]</b> O <del>thou</del> inhabitant of Lachish, <del>bind</del> <ins>Harness</ins> the chariot to the swift <del>beast: she is</del> <ins>steeds (She was</ins> the beginning of <del>the</del> sin to the daughter of <del>Zion: for</del> <ins>Zion), For</ins> the transgressions of Israel were found in <del>thee.</del> <ins>you.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 1:14]</b> Therefore <del>shalt thou</del> <ins>you shall</ins> give presents to <del>Moreshethgath: the</del> <ins>Moresheth Gath; The</ins> houses of Achzib shall be a lie to the kings of Israel.</p><p><b>[Micah 1:15]</b> <del>Yet will</del> I <ins>will yet</ins> bring an heir <del>unto thee,</del> <ins>to you,</ins> O inhabitant of <del>Mareshah: he shall come unto Adullam the</del> <ins>Mareshah; The</ins> glory of <del>Israel.</del> <ins>Israel shall come to Adullam.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 1:16]</b> Make <del>thee bald,</del> <ins>yourself bald</ins> and <del>poll thee for thy delicate</del> <ins>cut off your hair, Because of your precious</ins> children; <del>enlarge thy</del> <ins>Enlarge your</ins> baldness <del>as the eagle; for</del> <ins>like an eagle, For</ins> they <del>are gone into captivity</del> <ins>shall go</ins> from <del>thee.</del> <ins>you into captivity.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 2:1]</b> Woe to <del>them that</del> <ins>those who</ins> devise iniquity, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> work <ins>out</ins> evil <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> their beds! <del>when the</del> <ins>At</ins> morning <del>is light,</del> <ins>light</ins> they <del>practise</del> <ins>practice</ins> it, <del>because</del> <ins>Because</ins> it is in the power of their hand.</p><p><b>[Micah 2:2]</b> <del>And they</del> <ins>They</ins> covet <del>fields,</del> <ins>fields</ins> and take them by <del>violence; and</del> <ins>violence, Also</ins> houses, and <del>take them away: so</del> <ins>seize them. So</ins> they oppress a man and his house, <del>even a</del> <ins>A</ins> man and his <del>heritage.</del> <ins>inheritance.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 2:3]</b> Therefore thus <del>saith</del> <ins>says</ins> the <del>LORD; Behold,</del> <ins>LORD: "Behold,</ins> against this family <del>do</del> I <del>devise an evil, from</del> <ins>am devising disaster, From</ins> which <del>ye shall not</del> <ins>you cannot</ins> remove your necks; <del>neither</del> <ins>Nor</ins> shall <del>ye go haughtily: for</del> <ins>you walk haughtily, For</ins> this <del>time</del> is <del>evil.</del> <ins>an evil time.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 2:4]</b> In that day <del>shall</del> one <ins>shall</ins> take up a <del>parable</del> <ins>proverb</ins> against you, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> lament with a <del>doleful</del> <ins>bitter</ins> lamentation, <del>and say, We be</del> <ins>saying: "We are</ins> utterly <del>spoiled: he hath</del> <ins>destroyed! He has</ins> changed the <del>portion</del> <ins>heritage</ins> of my <del>people: how hath he</del> <ins>people; How He has</ins> removed it from me! <del>turning away he hath</del> <ins>To a turncoat He has</ins> divided our <del>fields.</del> <ins>fields."'</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 2:5]</b> Therefore <del>thou shalt</del> <ins>you will</ins> have <del>none that shall cast a cord</del> <ins>no one to determine boundaries</ins> by lot <del>in</del> <ins>In</ins> the <del>congregation</del> <ins>assembly</ins> of the LORD.</p><p><b>[Micah 2:6]</b> <del>Prophesy ye not,</del> <ins>"Do not prattle," you</ins> say <del>they</del> to <del>them that prophesy:</del> <ins>those who prophesy. So</ins> they shall not prophesy to <del>them, that they</del> <ins>you; They</ins> shall not <del>take shame.</del> <ins>return insult for insult.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 2:7]</b> <del>O thou that art</del> <ins>You who are</ins> named the house of <del>Jacob, is</del> <ins>Jacob: "Is</ins> the <del>spirit</del> <ins>Spirit</ins> of the LORD <del>straitened? are</del> <ins>restricted? Are</ins> these <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> doings? <del>do</del> <ins>Do</ins> not <del>my</del> <ins>My</ins> words do good <del>to</del> <ins>To</ins> him <del>that walketh</del> <ins>who walks</ins> uprightly?</p><p><b>[Micah 2:8]</b> <del>Even of late my</del> <ins>"Lately My</ins> people <del>is</del> <ins>have</ins> risen up as an <del>enemy: ye</del> <ins>enemy--You</ins> pull off the robe with the garment <del>from them that pass by securely</del> <ins>From those who trust you,</ins> as <ins>they pass by, Like</ins> men <del>averse</del> <ins>returned</ins> from war.</p><p><b>[Micah 2:9]</b> The women of <del>my</del> <ins>My</ins> people <del>have ye</del> <ins>you</ins> cast out <del>from</del> <ins>From</ins> their pleasant houses; <del>from</del> <ins>From</ins> their children <ins>You</ins> have <del>ye</del> taken away <del>my</del> <ins>My</ins> glory <del>for ever.</del> <ins>forever.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 2:10]</b> <del>Arise ye,</del> <ins>"Arise</ins> and <del>depart; for</del> <ins>depart, For</ins> this is not your <del>rest: because</del> <ins>rest; Because</ins> it is <del>polluted,</del> <ins>defiled,</ins> it shall <del>destroy you, even</del> <ins>destroy, Yes,</ins> with <del>a sore</del> <ins>utter</ins> destruction.</p><p><b>[Micah 2:11]</b> If a man <del>walking</del> <ins>should walk</ins> in <del>the</del> <ins>a false</ins> spirit <del>and falsehood do</del> <ins>And speak a</ins> lie, saying, <del>I</del> <ins>"I</ins> will prophesy <del>unto thee</del> <ins>to you</ins> of wine and <del>of strong drink;</del> <ins>drink,' Even</ins> he <del>shall even</del> <ins>would</ins> be the <del>prophet</del> <ins>prattler</ins> of this people.</p><p><b>[Micah 2:12]</b> <del>I</del> <ins>"I</ins> will surely <del>assemble, O Jacob,</del> <ins>assemble</ins> all of <del>thee;</del> <ins>you, O Jacob,</ins> I will surely gather the remnant of Israel; I will put them together <del>as the</del> <ins>like</ins> sheep of <del>Bozrah, as</del> the <ins>fold, Like a</ins> flock in the midst of their <del>fold: they</del> <ins>pasture; They</ins> shall make <del>great</del> <ins>a loud</ins> noise <del>by reason</del> <ins>because</ins> of <del>the multitude of men.</del> <ins>so many people.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 2:13]</b> The <del>breaker is</del> <ins>one who breaks open will</ins> come up before <del>them: they have broken up, and have passed</del> <ins>them; They will break out, Pass</ins> through the gate, <del>and are gone</del> <ins>And go</ins> out by <del>it: and their</del> <ins>it; Their</ins> king <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> pass before them, <del>and</del> <ins>With</ins> the LORD <del>on the head of them.</del> <ins>at their head."</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 3:1]</b> And I <del>said, Hear, I pray you,</del> <ins>said: "Hear now,</ins> O heads of Jacob, <del>and ye princes</del> <ins>And you rulers</ins> of the house of <del>Israel;</del> <ins>Israel:</ins> Is it not for you to know <del>judgment?</del> <ins>justice?</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 3:2]</b> <del>Who</del> <ins>You who</ins> hate <del>the good,</del> <ins>good</ins> and love <del>the</del> evil; <del>who pluck off their</del> <ins>Who strip the</ins> skin from <del>off them, and their</del> <ins>My people, And the</ins> flesh from <del>off</del> their bones;</p><p><b>[Micah 3:3]</b> Who also eat the flesh of <del>my</del> <ins>My</ins> people, <del>and flay</del> <ins>Flay</ins> their skin from <del>off them; and they break</del> <ins>them, Break</ins> their bones, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> chop them in <del>pieces, as</del> <ins>pieces Like meat</ins> for the pot, <del>and as</del> <ins>Like</ins> flesh <del>within</del> <ins>in</ins> the <del>caldron.</del> <ins>caldron."</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 3:4]</b> Then <del>shall</del> they <ins>will</ins> cry <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the LORD, <del>but he</del> <ins>But He</ins> will not hear <del>them: he</del> <ins>them; He</ins> will even hide <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> face from them at that time, <del>as</del> <ins>Because</ins> they have <del>behaved themselves ill</del> <ins>been evil</ins> in their <del>doings.</del> <ins>deeds.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 3:5]</b> Thus <del>saith</del> <ins>says</ins> the LORD concerning the prophets <del>that</del> <ins>Who</ins> make my people <del>err, that bite</del> <ins>stray; Who chant "Peace" While they chew</ins> with their teeth, <del>and cry, Peace; and he that putteth not into their mouths, they even</del> <ins>But who</ins> prepare war against <del>him.</del> <ins>him Who puts nothing into their mouths:</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 3:6]</b> <del>Therefore night</del> <ins>"Therefore you</ins> shall <del>be unto you, that ye shall not</del> have <del>a vision; and it</del> <ins>night without vision, And you</ins> shall <del>be dark unto you, that ye shall not divine; and the</del> <ins>have darkness without divination; The</ins> sun shall go down <del>over</del> <ins>on</ins> the prophets, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> the day shall be dark <del>over</del> <ins>for</ins> them.</p><p><b>[Micah 3:7]</b> <del>Then shall</del> <ins>So</ins> the seers <ins>shall</ins> be ashamed, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> the diviners <del>confounded: yea,</del> <ins>abashed; Indeed</ins> they shall all cover their lips; <del>for</del> <ins>For</ins> there is no answer <del>of God.</del> <ins>from God."</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 3:8]</b> But truly I am full of power by the <del>spirit</del> <ins>Spirit</ins> of the LORD, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> of <del>judgment,</del> <ins>justice</ins> and <del>of</del> might, <del>to</del> <ins>To</ins> declare <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> Jacob his <del>transgression, and</del> <ins>transgression And</ins> to Israel his sin.</p><p><b>[Micah 3:9]</b> <del>Hear</del> <ins>Now hear</ins> this, <del>I pray you, ye</del> <ins>You</ins> heads of the house of <del>Jacob, and princes</del> <ins>Jacob And rulers</ins> of the house of Israel, <del>that</del> <ins>Who</ins> abhor <del>judgment, and</del> <ins>justice And</ins> pervert all <del>equity.</del> <ins>equity,</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 3:10]</b> <del>They</del> <ins>Who</ins> build up Zion with <del>blood, and</del> <ins>bloodshed And</ins> Jerusalem with <del>iniquity.</del> <ins>iniquity:</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 3:11]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>Her</ins> heads <del>thereof</del> judge for <del>reward, and the</del> <ins>a bribe, Her</ins> priests <del>thereof</del> teach for <del>hire, and the</del> <ins>pay, And her</ins> prophets <del>thereof</del> divine for <del>money: yet will</del> <ins>money. Yet</ins> they lean <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> the LORD, and say, <del>Is</del> <ins>"Is</ins> not the LORD among us? <del>none evil</del> <ins>No harm</ins> can come upon <del>us.</del> <ins>us."</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 3:12]</b> Therefore <del>shall</del> <ins>because of you</ins> Zion <del>for your sake</del> <ins>shall</ins> be plowed <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> a field, <del>and</del> Jerusalem shall become <del>heaps, and</del> <ins>heaps of ruins, And</ins> the mountain of the <del>house as</del> <ins>temple Like</ins> the <del>high places</del> <ins>bare hills</ins> of the forest.</p><p><b>[Micah 4:1]</b> <del>But in the last days</del> <ins>Now</ins> it shall come to <del>pass, that</del> <ins>pass in the latter days That</ins> the mountain of the <ins>LORD's</ins> house <del>of the LORD shall</del> <ins>Shall</ins> be established <del>in</del> <ins>on</ins> the top of the mountains, <del>and it</del> <ins>And</ins> shall be exalted above the hills; <del>and people</del> <ins>And peoples</ins> shall flow <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> it.</p><p><b>[Micah 4:2]</b> <del>And many</del> <ins>Many</ins> nations shall <del>come,</del> <ins>come</ins> and say, <del>Come,</del> <ins>"Come,</ins> and let us go up to the mountain of the LORD, <del>and to</del> <ins>To</ins> the house of the God of Jacob; <del>and he</del> <ins>He</ins> will teach us <del>of his</del> <ins>His</ins> ways, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> we <del>will</del> <ins>shall</ins> walk in <del>his paths: for</del> <ins>His paths." For out of Zion</ins> the law shall go <del>forth of Zion, and</del> <ins>forth, And</ins> the word of the LORD from Jerusalem.</p><p><b>[Micah 4:3]</b> <del>And he</del> <ins>He</ins> shall judge <del>among</del> <ins>between</ins> many <del>people, and</del> <ins>peoples, And</ins> rebuke strong nations afar off; <del>and they</del> <ins>They</ins> shall beat their swords into plowshares, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> their spears into <del>pruninghooks: nation</del> <ins>pruning hooks; Nation</ins> shall not lift up <del>a</del> sword against nation, <del>neither</del> <ins>Neither</ins> shall they learn war <del>any more.</del> <ins>anymore.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 4:4]</b> But <del>they</del> <ins>everyone</ins> shall sit <del>every man</del> under his vine and under his fig <del>tree; and none</del> <ins>tree, And no one</ins> shall make them <del>afraid: for</del> <ins>afraid; For</ins> the mouth of the LORD of hosts <del>hath spoken it.</del> <ins>has spoken.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 4:5]</b> For all people <del>will</del> walk <del>every one</del> <ins>each</ins> in the name of his god, <del>and</del> <ins>But</ins> we will walk in the name of the LORD our God <del>for ever</del> <ins>Forever</ins> and ever.</p><p><b>[Micah 4:6]</b> <del>In</del> <ins>"In</ins> that <del>day, saith</del> <ins>day," says</ins> the LORD, <ins>"I</ins> will <del>I</del> assemble <del>her that halteth, and</del> <ins>the lame,</ins> I will gather <del>her that is driven out, and her that</del> <ins>the outcast And those whom</ins> I have afflicted;</p><p><b>[Micah 4:7]</b> <del>And</del> I will make <del>her that halted</del> <ins>the lame</ins> a remnant, <del>and her that was cast far off</del> <ins>And the outcast</ins> a strong <del>nation: and</del> <ins>nation; So</ins> the LORD <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> reign over them in <del>mount</del> <ins>Mount</ins> Zion <del>from henceforth,</del> <ins>From now on,</ins> even <del>for ever.</del> <ins>forever.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 4:8]</b> And <del>thou,</del> <ins>you,</ins> O tower of the flock, <del>the strong hold</del> <ins>The stronghold</ins> of the daughter of Zion, <del>unto thee</del> <ins>To you</ins> shall it come, <del>even</del> <ins>Even</ins> the <del>first dominion; the kingdom</del> <ins>former dominion</ins> shall <del>come to</del> <ins>come, The kingdom of</ins> the daughter of <del>Jerusalem.</del> <ins>Jerusalem."</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 4:9]</b> Now why <del>dost thou</del> <ins>do you</ins> cry <del>out</del> aloud? <del>is</del> <ins>Is</ins> there no king in <del>thee? is thy counsellor</del> <ins>your midst? Has your counselor</ins> perished? <del>for</del> <ins>For</ins> pangs have <del>taken thee as</del> <ins>seized you like</ins> a woman in <del>travail.</del> <ins>labor.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 4:10]</b> Be in pain, and <del>labour</del> <ins>labor</ins> to bring forth, O daughter of Zion, <del>like</del> <ins>Like</ins> a woman in <del>travail: for</del> <ins>birth pangs. For</ins> now <del>shalt thou</del> <ins>you shall</ins> go forth <del>out of</del> <ins>from</ins> the city, <del>and thou shalt</del> <ins>You shall</ins> dwell in the field, <del>and thou shalt go even</del> <ins>And</ins> to <del>Babylon; there shalt thou</del> <ins>Babylon you shall go. There you shall</ins> be delivered; <del>there</del> <ins>There</ins> the LORD <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> redeem <del>thee from</del> <ins>you From</ins> the hand of <del>thine</del> <ins>your</ins> enemies.</p><p><b>[Micah 4:11]</b> Now also many nations <del>are</del> <ins>have</ins> gathered against <del>thee, that</del> <ins>you, Who</ins> say, <del>Let</del> <ins>"Let</ins> her be defiled, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> let our eye look upon <del>Zion.</del> <ins>Zion."</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 4:12]</b> But they <del>know</del> <ins>do</ins> not <ins>know</ins> the thoughts of the LORD, <del>neither understand</del> <ins>Nor do</ins> they <del>his counsel: for he shall</del> <ins>understand His counsel; For He will</ins> gather them <del>as the</del> <ins>like</ins> sheaves <del>into</del> <ins>to</ins> the <ins>threshing</ins> floor.</p><p><b>[Micah 4:13]</b> <del>Arise</del> <ins>"Arise</ins> and thresh, O daughter of <del>Zion: for</del> <ins>Zion; For</ins> I will make <del>thine</del> <ins>your</ins> horn iron, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> I will make <del>thy hoofs brass: and thou shalt</del> <ins>your hooves bronze; You shall</ins> beat in pieces many <del>people: and</del> <ins>peoples;</ins> I will consecrate their gain <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the LORD, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> their substance <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the Lord of the whole <del>earth.</del> <ins>earth."</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 5:1]</b> Now gather <del>thyself</del> <ins>yourself</ins> in troops, O daughter of <del>troops: he hath</del> <ins>troops; He has</ins> laid siege against <del>us: they shall smite</del> <ins>us; They will strike</ins> the judge of Israel with a rod <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> the cheek.</p><p><b>[Micah 5:2]</b> <del>But thou,</del> <ins>"But you,</ins> Bethlehem <del>Ephratah, though thou be</del> <ins>Ephrathah, Though you are</ins> little among the thousands of Judah, <del>yet</del> <ins>Yet</ins> out of <del>thee</del> <ins>you</ins> shall <del>he</del> come forth <del>unto me that is</del> <ins>to Me The One</ins> to be <del>ruler</del> <ins>Ruler</ins> in <del>Israel; whose</del> <ins>Israel, Whose</ins> goings forth <del>have been</del> <ins>are</ins> from of old, <del>from everlasting.</del> <ins>From everlasting."</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 5:3]</b> Therefore <del>will he</del> <ins>He shall</ins> give them up, <del>until</del> <ins>Until</ins> the time that she <del>which travaileth hath brought forth: then</del> <ins>who is in labor has given birth; Then</ins> the remnant of <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> brethren <del>shall</del> <ins>Shall</ins> return <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the children of Israel.</p><p><b>[Micah 5:4]</b> And <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> shall stand and feed <del>in</del> <ins>His flock In</ins> the strength of the LORD, <del>in</del> <ins>In</ins> the majesty of the name of the LORD <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> God; <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> they shall <del>abide: for</del> <ins>abide, For</ins> now <ins>He</ins> shall <del>he</del> be great <del>unto</del> <ins>To</ins> the ends of the <del>earth.</del> <ins>earth;</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 5:5]</b> And this <del>man</del> <ins>One</ins> shall be <del>the peace, when</del> <ins>peace. When</ins> the Assyrian <del>shall come</del> <ins>comes</ins> into our <del>land: and</del> <ins>land, And</ins> when he <del>shall tread</del> <ins>treads</ins> in our palaces, <del>then shall</del> <ins>Then</ins> we <ins>will</ins> raise against him <del>seven shepherds,</del> <ins>Seven shepherds</ins> and eight <del>principal</del> <ins>princely</ins> men.</p><p><b>[Micah 5:6]</b> <del>And they</del> <ins>They</ins> shall waste <ins>with the sword</ins> the land of <del>Assyria with the sword, and</del> <ins>Assyria, And</ins> the land of Nimrod <del>in the entrances thereof: thus</del> <ins>at its entrances; Thus He</ins> shall <del>he</del> deliver us from the Assyrian, <del>when</del> <ins>When</ins> he <del>cometh</del> <ins>comes</ins> into our <del>land, and</del> <ins>land And</ins> when he <del>treadeth</del> <ins>treads</ins> within our borders.</p><p><b>[Micah 5:7]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> the remnant of Jacob <del>shall</del> <ins>Shall</ins> be in the midst of many <del>people as a</del> <ins>peoples, Like</ins> dew from the LORD, <del>as the</del> <ins>Like</ins> showers <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> the grass, <del>that tarrieth not</del> <ins>That tarry</ins> for <del>man, nor waiteth</del> <ins>no man Nor wait</ins> for the sons of men.</p><p><b>[Micah 5:8]</b> And the remnant of Jacob <del>shall</del> <ins>Shall</ins> be among the <del>Gentiles in</del> <ins>Gentiles, In</ins> the midst of many <del>people as</del> <ins>peoples, Like</ins> a lion among the beasts of the forest, <del>as</del> <ins>Like</ins> a young lion among <del>the</del> flocks of <del>sheep: who,</del> <ins>sheep, Who,</ins> if he <del>go</del> <ins>passes</ins> through, <del>both treadeth down,</del> <ins>Both treads down</ins> and <del>teareth</del> <ins>tears</ins> in pieces, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> none can deliver.</p><p><b>[Micah 5:9]</b> <del>Thine</del> <ins>Your</ins> hand shall be lifted <del>up upon thine</del> <ins>against your</ins> adversaries, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> all <del>thine</del> <ins>your</ins> enemies shall be cut off.</p><p><b>[Micah 5:10]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>"And</ins> it shall <del>come to pass</del> <ins>be</ins> in that <del>day, saith</del> <ins>day," says</ins> the LORD, <del>that</del> <ins>"That</ins> I will cut off <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> horses <del>out of the</del> <ins>from your</ins> midst <del>of thee, and I will</del> <ins>And</ins> destroy <del>thy chariots:</del> <ins>your chariots.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 5:11]</b> <del>And</del> I will cut off the cities of <del>thy land, and</del> <ins>your land And</ins> throw down all <del>thy strong holds:</del> <ins>your strongholds.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 5:12]</b> <del>And</del> I will cut off <del>witchcrafts out of thine hand; and thou shalt</del> <ins>sorceries from your hand, And you shall</ins> have no <del>more soothsayers:</del> <ins>soothsayers.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 5:13]</b> <del>Thy graven</del> <ins>Your carved</ins> images <del>also will</del> I <ins>will also</ins> cut off, <del>and thy standing images out of the midst of thee; and thou shalt</del> <ins>And your sacred pillars from your midst; You shall</ins> no more worship the work of <del>thine hands.</del> <ins>your hands;</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 5:14]</b> <del>And</del> I will pluck <del>up thy groves out of the midst of thee: so will</del> <ins>your wooden images from your midst; Thus</ins> I <ins>will</ins> destroy <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> cities.</p><p><b>[Micah 5:15]</b> And I will execute vengeance in anger and fury <del>upon</del> <ins>On</ins> the <del>heathen, such as they</del> <ins>nations that</ins> have not <del>heard.</del> <ins>heard."</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 6:1]</b> Hear <del>ye</del> now what the LORD <del>saith; Arise, contend thou</del> <ins>says: "Arise, plead your case</ins> before the mountains, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> let the hills hear <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> voice.</p><p><b>[Micah 6:2]</b> <del>Hear ye,</del> <ins>Hear,</ins> O <ins>you</ins> mountains, the LORD's <del>controversy, and ye</del> <ins>complaint, And you</ins> strong foundations of the <del>earth: for</del> <ins>earth; For</ins> the LORD <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> a <del>controversy with his</del> <ins>complaint against His</ins> people, <del>and he</del> <ins>And He</ins> will <del>plead</del> <ins>contend</ins> with Israel.</p><p><b>[Micah 6:3]</b> <del>O my</del> <ins>"O My</ins> people, what have I done <del>unto thee? and wherein</del> <ins>to you? And how</ins> have I wearied <del>thee? testify</del> <ins>you? Testify</ins> against <del>me.</del> <ins>Me.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 6:4]</b> For I brought <del>thee</del> <ins>you</ins> up <del>out of</del> <ins>from</ins> the land of Egypt, <del>and</del> <ins>I</ins> redeemed <del>thee out of</del> <ins>you from</ins> the house of <del>servants; and</del> <ins>bondage; And</ins> I sent before <del>thee</del> <ins>you</ins> Moses, Aaron, and Miriam.</p><p><b>[Micah 6:5]</b> O <del>my</del> <ins>My</ins> people, remember now <del>what</del> <ins>What</ins> Balak king of Moab <del>consulted, and</del> <ins>counseled, And</ins> what Balaam the son of Beor answered <del>him from Shittim unto Gilgal; that ye</del> <ins>him, From Acacia Grove to Gilgal, That you</ins> may know the righteousness of the <del>LORD.</del> <ins>LORD."</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 6:6]</b> <del>Wherewith</del> <ins>With what</ins> shall I come before the LORD, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> bow myself before the <del>high</del> <ins>High</ins> God? <del>shall</del> <ins>Shall</ins> I come before <del>him</del> <ins>Him</ins> with burnt offerings, <del>with</del> <ins>With</ins> calves <del>of</del> a year old?</p><p><b>[Micah 6:7]</b> Will the LORD be pleased with thousands of rams, <del>or with ten thousands of</del> <ins>Ten thousand</ins> rivers of oil? <del>shall</del> <ins>Shall</ins> I give my firstborn for my transgression, <del>the</del> <ins>The</ins> fruit of my body for the sin of my soul?</p><p><b>[Micah 6:8]</b> He <del>hath shewed thee,</del> <ins>has shown you,</ins> O man, what is good; <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> what <del>doth</del> <ins>does</ins> the LORD require of <del>thee, but</del> <ins>you But</ins> to do justly, <del>and to</del> <ins>To</ins> love mercy, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> to walk humbly with <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> God?</p><p><b>[Micah 6:9]</b> The LORD's voice <del>crieth unto</del> <ins>cries to</ins> the <del>city, and the man of wisdom</del> <ins>city--Wisdom</ins> shall see <del>thy</del> <ins>Your</ins> name: <del>hear ye</del> <ins>"Hear</ins> the <del>rod, and who hath</del> <ins>rod! Who has</ins> appointed <del>it.</del> <ins>it?</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 6:10]</b> Are there yet the treasures of wickedness <del>in</del> <ins>In</ins> the house of the wicked, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> the <del>scant</del> <ins>short</ins> measure that is <del>abominable?</del> <ins>an abomination?</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 6:11]</b> Shall I count <del>them</del> pure <ins>those</ins> with the wicked <del>balances, and</del> <ins>scales, And</ins> with the bag of deceitful weights?</p><p><b>[Micah 6:12]</b> For <del>the</del> <ins>her</ins> rich men <del>thereof</del> are full of violence, <del>and the</del> <ins>Her</ins> inhabitants <del>thereof</del> have spoken lies, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> their tongue is deceitful in their mouth.</p><p><b>[Micah 6:13]</b> <del>Therefore also will</del> <ins>"Therefore</ins> I <ins>will also</ins> make <del>thee</del> <ins>you</ins> sick <del>in smiting thee, in</del> <ins>by striking you, By</ins> making <del>thee</del> <ins>you</ins> desolate because of <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> sins.</p><p><b>[Micah 6:14]</b> <del>Thou shalt</del> <ins>You shall</ins> eat, but not be satisfied; <del>and thy casting down</del> <ins>Hunger</ins> shall be in <del>the midst of thee; and thou shalt take hold,</del> <ins>your midst. You may carry some away,</ins> but <del>shalt</del> <ins>shall</ins> not <del>deliver; and that which thou deliverest will</del> <ins>save them; And what you do rescue</ins> I <ins>will</ins> give <del>up</del> <ins>over</ins> to the sword.</p><p><b>[Micah 6:15]</b> <del>Thou shalt</del> <ins>"You shall</ins> sow, but <del>thou shalt</del> not reap; <del>thou shalt</del> <ins>You shall</ins> tread the olives, but <del>thou shalt</del> not anoint <del>thee</del> <ins>yourselves</ins> with oil; <del>and</del> <ins>And make</ins> sweet wine, but <del>shalt</del> not drink wine.</p><p><b>[Micah 6:16]</b> For the statutes of Omri are <del>kept, and all</del> <ins>kept; All</ins> the works of <del>the</del> <ins>Ahab's</ins> house <del>of Ahab, and ye</del> <ins>are done; And you</ins> walk in their <del>counsels; that</del> <ins>counsels, That</ins> I <del>should</del> <ins>may</ins> make <del>thee</del> <ins>you</ins> a desolation, <del>and the</del> <ins>And your</ins> inhabitants <del>thereof an hissing: therefore ye</del> <ins>a hissing. Therefore you</ins> shall bear the reproach of <del>my people.</del> <ins>My people."</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 7:1]</b> Woe is me! <del>for</del> <ins>For</ins> I am <del>as when they have gathered the</del> <ins>like those who gather</ins> summer fruits, <del>as the grapegleanings of the vintage: there</del> <ins>Like those who glean vintage grapes; There</ins> is no cluster to <del>eat:</del> <ins>eat Of the first-ripe fruit which</ins> my soul <del>desired the firstripe fruit.</del> <ins>desires.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 7:2]</b> The <del>good</del> <ins>faithful</ins> man <del>is</del> <ins>has</ins> perished <del>out of</del> <ins>from</ins> the <del>earth: and</del> <ins>earth, And</ins> there is <del>none</del> <ins>no one</ins> upright among <del>men: they</del> <ins>men. They</ins> all lie in wait for blood; <del>they hunt every</del> <ins>Every</ins> man <ins>hunts</ins> his brother with a net.</p><p><b>[Micah 7:3]</b> That they may <ins>successfully</ins> do evil with both <del>hands earnestly, the</del> <ins>hands--The</ins> prince <del>asketh, and the judge asketh</del> <ins>asks</ins> for <ins>gifts, The judge seeks</ins> a <del>reward; and</del> <ins>bribe, And</ins> the great <del>man, he uttereth</del> <ins>man utters</ins> his <del>mischievous desire: so</del> <ins>evil desire; So</ins> they <del>wrap it up.</del> <ins>scheme together.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 7:4]</b> The best of them is <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> a <del>brier: the</del> <ins>brier; The</ins> most upright is sharper than a thorn <del>hedge: the</del> <ins>hedge; The</ins> day of <del>thy watchmen</del> <ins>your watchman</ins> and <del>thy visitation cometh; now</del> <ins>your punishment comes; Now</ins> shall be their perplexity.</p><p><b>[Micah 7:5]</b> <del>Trust ye</del> <ins>Do</ins> not <ins>trust</ins> in a <del>friend, put ye</del> <ins>friend; Do</ins> not <ins>put your</ins> confidence in a <del>guide: keep</del> <ins>companion; Guard</ins> the doors of <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> mouth <del>from</del> <ins>From</ins> her <del>that lieth</del> <ins>who lies</ins> in <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> bosom.</p><p><b>[Micah 7:6]</b> For <del>the</del> son <del>dishonoureth the</del> <ins>dishonors</ins> father, <del>the daughter riseth up</del> <ins>Daughter rises</ins> against her mother, <del>the daughter in law</del> <ins>Daughter-in-law</ins> against her <del>mother in law; a</del> <ins>mother-in-law; A</ins> man's enemies are the men of his own <del>house.</del> <ins>household.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 7:7]</b> Therefore I will look <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the LORD; I will wait for the God of my <del>salvation: my</del> <ins>salvation; My</ins> God will hear me.</p><p><b>[Micah 7:8]</b> <del>Rejoice</del> <ins>Do</ins> not <del>against</del> <ins>rejoice over</ins> me, <del>O mine enemy: when</del> <ins>my enemy; When</ins> I fall, I <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> arise; <del>when</del> <ins>When</ins> I sit in darkness, <del>the</del> <ins>The</ins> LORD <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be a light <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me.</p><p><b>[Micah 7:9]</b> I will bear the indignation of the LORD, <del>because</del> <ins>Because</ins> I have sinned against <del>him, until he plead</del> <ins>Him, Until He pleads</ins> my <del>cause, and execute judgment</del> <ins>case And executes justice</ins> for <del>me: he</del> <ins>me. He</ins> will bring me forth to the <del>light, and</del> <ins>light;</ins> I <del>shall behold his</del> <ins>will see His</ins> righteousness.</p><p><b>[Micah 7:10]</b> Then she <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> is <del>mine</del> <ins>my</ins> enemy <del>shall see it, and</del> <ins>will see, And</ins> shame <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> cover her <del>which</del> <ins>who</ins> said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me, <del>Where</del> <ins>"Where</ins> is the LORD <del>thy God? mine</del> <ins>your God?" My</ins> eyes <del>shall behold her: now shall</del> <ins>will see her; Now</ins> she <ins>will</ins> be <del>trodden</del> <ins>trampled</ins> down <del>as the mire of</del> <ins>Like mud in</ins> the streets.</p><p><b>[Micah 7:11]</b> In the day <del>that thy</del> <ins>when your</ins> walls are to be built, <del>in</del> <ins>In</ins> that day <del>shall</del> the decree <del>be</del> <ins>shall go</ins> far <del>removed.</del> <ins>and wide.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 7:12]</b> In that day <del>also he</del> <ins>they</ins> shall come <del>even</del> to <del>thee from Assyria,</del> <ins>you From Assyria</ins> and <del>from</del> the fortified cities, <del>and from</del> <ins>From</ins> the fortress <del>even</del> to the <del>river, and from</del> <ins>River, From</ins> sea to sea, <del>and from</del> <ins>And</ins> mountain to mountain.</p><p><b>[Micah 7:13]</b> <del>Notwithstanding</del> <ins>Yet</ins> the land shall be desolate <del>because</del> <ins>Because</ins> of <del>them that</del> <ins>those who</ins> dwell <del>therein,</del> <ins>in it, And</ins> for the fruit of their <del>doings.</del> <ins>deeds.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 7:14]</b> <del>Feed thy</del> <ins>Shepherd Your</ins> people with <del>thy rod, the</del> <ins>Your staff, The</ins> flock of <del>thine</del> <ins>Your</ins> heritage, <del>which</del> <ins>Who</ins> dwell solitarily in <del>the wood, in</del> <ins>a woodland, In</ins> the midst of <del>Carmel: let</del> <ins>Carmel; Let</ins> them feed in Bashan and Gilead, <del>as</del> <ins>As</ins> in <del>the</del> days of old.</p><p><b>[Micah 7:15]</b> <del>According to</del> <ins>"As in</ins> the days <del>of thy coming</del> <ins>when you came</ins> out of the land of <del>Egypt will</del> <ins>Egypt,</ins> I <del>shew unto him marvellous things.</del> <ins>will show them wonders."</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 7:16]</b> The nations shall see and be <del>confounded at</del> <ins>ashamed of</ins> all their <del>might: they</del> <ins>might; They</ins> shall <del>lay</del> <ins>put</ins> their hand <del>upon</del> <ins>over</ins> their <del>mouth, their</del> <ins>mouth; Their</ins> ears shall be deaf.</p><p><b>[Micah 7:17]</b> They shall lick the dust like a <del>serpent, they</del> <ins>serpent; They</ins> shall <del>move out of</del> <ins>crawl from</ins> their holes like <del>worms</del> <ins>snakes</ins> of the <del>earth: they</del> <ins>earth. They</ins> shall be afraid of the LORD our God, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> shall fear because of <del>thee.</del> <ins>You.</ins></p><p><b>[Micah 7:18]</b> Who is a God like <del>unto thee, that pardoneth iniquity, and passeth by</del> <ins>You, Pardoning iniquity And passing over</ins> the transgression of the remnant of <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> heritage? <del>he retaineth</del> <ins>He does</ins> not <del>his</del> <ins>retain His</ins> anger <del>for ever, because he delighteth</del> <ins>forever, Because He delights</ins> in mercy.</p><p><b>[Micah 7:19]</b> He will <del>turn again, he will</del> <ins>again</ins> have compassion <del>upon us; he</del> <ins>on us, And</ins> will subdue our <del>iniquities; and thou wilt</del> <ins>iniquities. You will</ins> cast all <del>their</del> <ins>our</ins> sins <del>into</del> <ins>Into</ins> the depths of the sea.</p><p><b>[Micah 7:20]</b> <del>Thou wilt perform the</del> <ins>You will give</ins> truth to <del>Jacob, and the</del> <ins>Jacob And</ins> mercy to Abraham, <del>which thou hast</del> <ins>Which You have</ins> sworn <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> our fathers <del>from the</del> <ins>From</ins> days of old.</p>