<p><b>[Nehemiah 1:1]</b> The words of Nehemiah the son of Hachaliah. <del>And it</del> <ins>It</ins> came to pass in the month <del>Chisleu,</del> <ins>of Chislev,</ins> in the twentieth year, as I was in Shushan the <del>palace,</del> <ins>citadel,</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 1:2]</b> <del>That Hanani,</del> <ins>that Hanani</ins> one of my <del>brethren, came, he and certain</del> <ins>brethren came with</ins> men <del>of</del> <ins>from</ins> Judah; and I asked them concerning the Jews <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> had escaped, <del>which were left of</del> <ins>who had survived</ins> the captivity, and concerning Jerusalem.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 1:3]</b> And they said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me, <del>The remnant that</del> <ins>"The survivors who</ins> are left <del>of</del> <ins>from</ins> the captivity <del>there</del> in the province are <ins>there</ins> in great <del>affliction</del> <ins>distress</ins> and <del>reproach: the</del> <ins>reproach. The</ins> wall of Jerusalem <del>also</del> is <ins>also</ins> broken down, and <del>the</del> <ins>its</ins> gates <del>thereof</del> are burned with <del>fire.</del> <ins>fire."</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 1:4]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>So</ins> it <del>came to pass,</del> <ins>was,</ins> when I heard these words, that I sat down and wept, and mourned <del>certain days,</del> <ins>for many days; I was fasting</ins> and <del>fasted, and prayed</del> <ins>praying</ins> before the God of <del>heaven,</del> <ins>heaven.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 1:5]</b> And <del>said,</del> I <del>beseech thee, O</del> <ins>said: "I pray,</ins> LORD God of heaven, <del>the</del> <ins>O</ins> great and <del>terrible</del> <ins>awesome</ins> God, <del>that keepeth</del> <ins>You who keep Your</ins> covenant and mercy <del>for them that</del> <ins>with those who</ins> love <del>him</del> <ins>You</ins> and observe <del>his commandments:</del> <ins>Your commandments,</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 1:6]</b> <del>Let thine</del> <ins>please let Your</ins> ear <del>now</del> be <del>attentive,</del> <ins>attentive</ins> and <del>thine</del> <ins>Your</ins> eyes open, that <del>thou mayest</del> <ins>You may</ins> hear the prayer of <del>thy servant,</del> <ins>Your servant</ins> which I pray before <del>thee</del> <ins>You</ins> now, day and night, for the children of Israel <del>thy</del> <ins>Your</ins> servants, and confess the sins of the children of <del>Israel,</del> <ins>Israel</ins> which we have sinned against <del>thee: both I and</del> <ins>You. Both</ins> my father's house <ins>and I</ins> have sinned.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 1:7]</b> We have <del>dealt</del> <ins>acted</ins> very corruptly against <del>thee,</del> <ins>You,</ins> and have not kept the commandments, <del>nor</del> the statutes, nor the <del>judgments,</del> <ins>ordinances</ins> which <del>thou commandedst thy</del> <ins>You commanded Your</ins> servant Moses.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 1:8]</b> Remember, I <del>beseech thee,</del> <ins>pray,</ins> the word that <del>thou commandedst thy</del> <ins>You commanded Your</ins> servant Moses, saying, <del>If ye transgress,</del> <ins>"If you are unfaithful,</ins> I will scatter you <del>abroad</del> among the <del>nations:</del> <ins>nations;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 1:9]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>but</ins> if <del>ye turn unto me,</del> <ins>you return to Me,</ins> and keep <del>my commandments,</del> <ins>My commandments</ins> and do <del>them;</del> <ins>them,</ins> though <del>there were</del> <ins>some</ins> of you <ins>were</ins> cast out <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>uttermost</del> <ins>farthest</ins> part of the <del>heaven,</del> <ins>heavens,</ins> yet <del>will</del> I <ins>will</ins> gather them from <del>thence,</del> <ins>there,</ins> and <del>will</del> bring them <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the place <del>that</del> <ins>which</ins> I have chosen <del>to set my name there.</del> <ins>as a dwelling for My name.'</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 1:10]</b> Now these are <del>thy</del> <ins>Your</ins> servants and <del>thy</del> <ins>Your</ins> people, whom <del>thou hast</del> <ins>You have</ins> redeemed by <del>thy</del> <ins>Your</ins> great power, and by <del>thy</del> <ins>Your</ins> strong hand.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 1:11]</b> O <del>LORD,</del> <ins>Lord,</ins> I <del>beseech thee,</del> <ins>pray, please</ins> let <del>now thine</del> <ins>Your</ins> ear be attentive to the prayer of <del>thy</del> <ins>Your</ins> servant, and to the prayer of <del>thy servants,</del> <ins>Your servants</ins> who desire to fear <del>thy name:</del> <ins>Your name;</ins> and <del>prosper, I pray thee, thy</del> <ins>let Your</ins> servant <ins>prosper</ins> this day, <ins>I pray,</ins> and grant him mercy in the sight of this <del>man.</del> <ins>man."</ins> For I was the king's cupbearer.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 2:1]</b> And it came to pass in the month <ins>of</ins> Nisan, in the twentieth year of <del>Artaxerxes the king, that</del> <ins>King Artaxerxes, when</ins> wine was before <del>him: and</del> <ins>him, that</ins> I took <del>up</del> the <del>wine,</del> <ins>wine</ins> and gave it <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the king. Now I had <del>not</del> <ins>never</ins> been <del>beforetime</del> sad in his <del>presence.</del> <ins>presence before.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 2:2]</b> <del>Wherefore</del> <ins>Therefore</ins> the king said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me, <del>Why</del> <ins>"Why</ins> is <del>thy countenance</del> <ins>your face</ins> sad, <del>seeing thou art</del> <ins>since you are</ins> not sick? <del>this</del> <ins>This</ins> is nothing <del>else</del> but sorrow of <del>heart. Then</del> <ins>heart." So</ins> I <del>was very sore</del> <ins>became dreadfully</ins> afraid,</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 2:3]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the king, <del>Let</del> <ins>"May</ins> the king live <del>for ever: why</del> <ins>forever! Why</ins> should <del>not</del> my <del>countenance</del> <ins>face not</ins> be sad, when the city, the place of my fathers' <del>sepulchres, lieth</del> <ins>tombs, lies</ins> waste, and <del>the</del> <ins>its</ins> gates <del>thereof</del> are <del>consumed</del> <ins>burned</ins> with <del>fire?</del> <ins>fire?"</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 2:4]</b> Then the king said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me, <del>For what dost thou make request?</del> <ins>"What do you request?"</ins> So I prayed to the God of heaven.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 2:5]</b> And I said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the king, <del>If</del> <ins>"If</ins> it <del>please</del> <ins>pleases</ins> the king, and if <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> servant <del>have</del> <ins>has</ins> found <del>favour</del> <ins>favor</ins> in <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> sight, <ins>I ask</ins> that <del>thou wouldest</del> <ins>you</ins> send me <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> Judah, <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the city of my fathers' <del>sepulchres,</del> <ins>tombs,</ins> that I may <del>build it.</del> <ins>rebuild it."</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 2:6]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> the king said <del>unto me,</del> <ins>to me</ins> (the queen also sitting <del>by him,) For how</del> <ins>beside him), "How</ins> long <del>shall thy</del> <ins>will your</ins> journey be? <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> when <del>wilt thou return?</del> <ins>will you return?"</ins> So it pleased the king to send me; and I set him a time.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 2:7]</b> <del>Moreover</del> <ins>Furthermore</ins> I said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the king, <del>If</del> <ins>"If</ins> it <del>please</del> <ins>pleases</ins> the king, let letters be given <del>me</del> to <ins>me for</ins> the governors <ins>of the region</ins> beyond the <del>river,</del> <ins>River,</ins> that they <del>may convey</del> <ins>must permit</ins> me <del>over</del> <ins>to pass through</ins> till I come <del>into Judah;</del> <ins>to Judah,</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 2:8]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> a letter <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> Asaph the keeper of the king's forest, that he <del>may</del> <ins>must</ins> give me timber to make beams for the gates of the <del>palace</del> <ins>citadel</ins> which <del>appertained</del> <ins>pertains</ins> to the <del>house, and</del> <ins>temple,</ins> for the <del>wall of the city,</del> <ins>city wall,</ins> and for the house that I <del>shall enter into.</del> <ins>will occupy."</ins> And the king granted <del>me,</del> <ins>them to me</ins> according to the good hand of my God upon me.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 2:9]</b> Then I <del>came</del> <ins>went</ins> to the governors <ins>in the region</ins> beyond the <del>river,</del> <ins>River,</ins> and gave them the king's letters. Now the king had sent captains of the army and horsemen with me.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 2:10]</b> When Sanballat the <del>Horonite,</del> <ins>Horonite</ins> and Tobiah the <del>servant, the Ammonite,</del> <ins>Ammonite official</ins> heard of it, <del>it grieved them exceedingly</del> <ins>they were deeply disturbed</ins> that <del>there was come</del> a man <ins>had come</ins> to seek the <del>welfare</del> <ins>well-being</ins> of the children of Israel.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 2:11]</b> So I came to <del>Jerusalem,</del> <ins>Jerusalem</ins> and was there three days.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 2:12]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> I arose in the night, I and <del>some</del> <ins>a</ins> few men with me; <del>neither told</del> I <del>any man</del> <ins>told no one</ins> what my God had put in my heart to do at <del>Jerusalem: neither</del> <ins>Jerusalem; nor</ins> was there any <del>beast</del> <ins>animal</ins> with me, <del>save</del> <ins>except</ins> the <del>beast that</del> <ins>one on which</ins> I <del>rode upon.</del> <ins>rode.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 2:13]</b> And I went out by night <del>by</del> <ins>through</ins> the <del>gate of the valley, even before the dragon well, and</del> <ins>Valley Gate</ins> to the <del>dung port,</del> <ins>Serpent Well and the Refuse Gate,</ins> and viewed the walls of <del>Jerusalem,</del> <ins>Jerusalem</ins> which were broken <del>down,</del> <ins>down</ins> and <del>the</del> <ins>its</ins> gates <del>thereof</del> <ins>which</ins> were <del>consumed</del> <ins>burned</ins> with fire.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 2:14]</b> Then I went on to the <del>gate of the fountain,</del> <ins>Fountain Gate</ins> and to the <del>king's pool:</del> <ins>King's Pool,</ins> but there was no <del>place</del> <ins>room</ins> for the <del>beast that was</del> <ins>animal</ins> under me to pass.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 2:15]</b> <del>Then went</del> <ins>So</ins> I <ins>went</ins> up in the night by the <del>brook,</del> <ins>valley,</ins> and viewed the <del>wall, and</del> <ins>wall; then I</ins> turned <del>back,</del> <ins>back</ins> and entered by the <del>gate of the valley,</del> <ins>Valley Gate,</ins> and so returned.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 2:16]</b> And the <del>rulers knew</del> <ins>officials did</ins> not <del>whither</del> <ins>know where</ins> I <del>went,</del> <ins>had gone</ins> or what I <del>did; neither</del> had <ins>done;</ins> I <del>as</del> <ins>had not</ins> yet told <del>it to</del> the Jews, <del>nor to</del> the priests, <del>nor to</del> the nobles, <del>nor to</del> the <del>rulers, nor to</del> <ins>officials, or</ins> the <del>rest that</del> <ins>others who</ins> did the work.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 2:17]</b> Then <del>said</del> I <del>unto</del> <ins>said to</ins> them, <del>Ye</del> <ins>"You</ins> see the distress that we are in, how Jerusalem <del>lieth</del> <ins>lies</ins> waste, and <del>the</del> <ins>its</ins> gates <del>thereof</del> are burned with <del>fire: come,</del> <ins>fire. Come</ins> and let us build <del>up</del> the wall of Jerusalem, that we <del>be</del> <ins>may</ins> no <del>more</del> <ins>longer be</ins> a <del>reproach.</del> <ins>reproach."</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 2:18]</b> <del>Then</del> <ins>And</ins> I told them of the hand of my God which <del>was</del> <ins>had been</ins> good upon <del>me; as</del> <ins>me, and</ins> also <ins>of</ins> the king's words that he had spoken <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me. <del>And</del> <ins>So</ins> they said, <del>Let</del> <ins>"Let</ins> us rise up and <del>build. So</del> <ins>build." Then</ins> they <del>strengthened</del> <ins>set</ins> their hands <del>for</del> <ins>to</ins> this good work.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 2:19]</b> But when Sanballat the Horonite, <del>and</del> Tobiah the <del>servant, the Ammonite,</del> <ins>Ammonite official,</ins> and Geshem the <del>Arabian,</del> <ins>Arab</ins> heard <ins>of</ins> it, they laughed <ins>at</ins> us <del>to scorn,</del> and despised us, and said, <del>What</del> <ins>"What</ins> is this thing that <del>ye do? will ye</del> <ins>you are doing? Will you</ins> rebel against the <del>king?</del> <ins>king?"</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 2:20]</b> <del>Then answered</del> <ins>So</ins> I <ins>answered</ins> them, and said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> them, <del>The</del> <ins>"The</ins> God of <del>heaven, he</del> <ins>heaven Himself</ins> will prosper us; therefore we <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> servants will arise and <del>build:</del> <ins>build,</ins> but <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> have no <del>portion, nor right, nor memorial,</del> <ins>heritage or right or memorial</ins> in <del>Jerusalem.</del> <ins>Jerusalem."</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 3:1]</b> Then Eliashib the high priest rose up with his brethren the <del>priests,</del> <ins>priests</ins> and <del>they builded</del> <ins>built</ins> the <del>sheep gate;</del> <ins>Sheep Gate;</ins> they <del>sanctified it,</del> <ins>consecrated it</ins> and <del>set up</del> <ins>hung its doors. They built as far as</ins> the <del>doors</del> <ins>Tower</ins> of <del>it; even unto</del> the <del>tower of Meah they sanctified</del> <ins>Hundred, and consecrated</ins> it, <del>unto</del> <ins>then as far as</ins> the <del>tower</del> <ins>Tower</ins> of <del>Hananeel.</del> <ins>Hananel.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 3:2]</b> <del>And next unto him builded</del> <ins>Next to Eliashib</ins> the men of <del>Jericho.</del> <ins>Jericho built.</ins> And next to them <del>builded</del> Zaccur the son of <del>Imri.</del> <ins>Imri built.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 3:3]</b> <del>But the fish gate did</del> <ins>Also</ins> the sons of Hassenaah <del>build, who also laid</del> <ins>built</ins> the <ins>Fish Gate; they laid its</ins> beams <del>thereof,</del> and <del>set up the</del> <ins>hung its</ins> doors <del>thereof, the locks thereof,</del> <ins>with its bolts</ins> and <del>the bars thereof.</del> <ins>bars.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 3:4]</b> And next <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> them <del>repaired</del> Meremoth the son of Urijah, the son of <del>Koz. And next unto</del> <ins>Koz, made repairs. Next to</ins> them <del>repaired</del> Meshullam the son of Berechiah, the son of <del>Meshezabeel. And next unto</del> <ins>Meshezabel, made repairs. Next to</ins> them <del>repaired</del> Zadok the son of <del>Baana.</del> <ins>Baana made repairs.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 3:5]</b> <del>And next unto</del> <ins>Next to</ins> them the Tekoites <del>repaired;</del> <ins>made repairs;</ins> but their nobles <del>put</del> <ins>did</ins> not <ins>put</ins> their <del>necks</del> <ins>shoulders</ins> to the work of their <del>LORD.</del> <ins>Lord.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 3:6]</b> Moreover <del>the old gate repaired</del> Jehoiada the son of <del>Paseah,</del> <ins>Paseah</ins> and Meshullam the son of <del>Besodeiah;</del> <ins>Besodeiah repaired the Old Gate;</ins> they laid <del>the</del> <ins>its</ins> beams <del>thereof,</del> and <del>set up the doors thereof,</del> <ins>hung its doors, with its bolts</ins> and <del>the locks thereof, and the bars thereof.</del> <ins>bars.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 3:7]</b> And next <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> them <del>repaired</del> Melatiah the Gibeonite, <del>and</del> Jadon the Meronothite, the men of <del>Gibeon,</del> <ins>Gibeon</ins> and <del>of</del> Mizpah, <del>unto</del> <ins>repaired</ins> the <del>throne</del> <ins>residence</ins> of the governor <del>on this side</del> <ins>of</ins> the <del>river.</del> <ins>region beyond the River.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 3:8]</b> Next <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> him <del>repaired</del> Uzziel the son of Harhaiah, <del>of the goldsmiths. Next unto him also repaired Hananiah the son of</del> one of the <del>apothecaries,</del> <ins>goldsmiths, made repairs. Also next to him Hananiah, one of the perfumers, made repairs;</ins> and they fortified Jerusalem <del>unto</del> <ins>as far as</ins> the <del>broad wall.</del> <ins>Broad Wall.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 3:9]</b> And next <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> them <del>repaired</del> Rephaiah the son of Hur, <del>the ruler</del> <ins>leader</ins> of <del>the</del> half <del>part</del> <ins>the district</ins> of <del>Jerusalem.</del> <ins>Jerusalem, made repairs.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 3:10]</b> <del>And next unto</del> <ins>Next to</ins> them <del>repaired</del> Jedaiah the son of <del>Harumaph, even over against</del> <ins>Harumaph made repairs in front of</ins> his house. And next <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> him <del>repaired</del> Hattush the son of <del>Hashabniah.</del> <ins>Hashabniah made repairs.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 3:11]</b> Malchijah the son of <del>Harim,</del> <ins>Harim</ins> and Hashub the son of <del>Pahathmoab,</del> <ins>Pahath-Moab</ins> repaired <ins>another section, as well as</ins> the <del>other piece, and the tower</del> <ins>Tower</ins> of the <del>furnaces.</del> <ins>Ovens.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 3:12]</b> And next <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> him <del>repaired</del> <ins>was</ins> Shallum the son of <del>Halohesh, the ruler</del> <ins>Hallohesh, leader</ins> of <del>the</del> half <del>part</del> <ins>the district</ins> of <del>Jerusalem,</del> <ins>Jerusalem;</ins> he and his <del>daughters.</del> <ins>daughters made repairs.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 3:13]</b> <del>The valley gate repaired Hanun,</del> <ins>Hanun</ins> and the inhabitants of <del>Zanoah; they</del> <ins>Zanoah repaired the Valley Gate. They</ins> built it, <del>and set up the</del> <ins>hung its</ins> doors <del>thereof, the locks thereof,</del> <ins>with its bolts</ins> and <del>the bars thereof,</del> <ins>bars,</ins> and <ins>repaired</ins> a thousand cubits <del>on</del> <ins>of</ins> the wall <del>unto</del> <ins>as far as</ins> the <del>dung gate.</del> <ins>Refuse Gate.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 3:14]</b> <del>But the dung gate repaired Malchiah</del> <ins>Malchijah</ins> the son of Rechab, <del>the ruler</del> <ins>leader</ins> of <del>part</del> <ins>the district</ins> of <del>Bethhaccerem;</del> <ins>Beth Haccerem, repaired the Refuse Gate;</ins> he built <del>it,</del> <ins>it</ins> and <del>set up the</del> <ins>hung its</ins> doors <del>thereof, the locks thereof,</del> <ins>with its bolts</ins> and <del>the bars thereof.</del> <ins>bars.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 3:15]</b> <del>But the gate of the fountain repaired</del> Shallun the son of <del>Colhozeh, the ruler</del> <ins>Col-Hozeh, leader</ins> of <del>part</del> <ins>the district</ins> of <del>Mizpah;</del> <ins>Mizpah, repaired the Fountain Gate;</ins> he built it, <del>and</del> covered it, <del>and set up the</del> <ins>hung its</ins> doors <del>thereof, the locks thereof,</del> <ins>with its bolts</ins> and <del>the bars thereof,</del> <ins>bars,</ins> and <ins>repaired</ins> the wall of the <del>pool</del> <ins>Pool</ins> of <del>Siloah</del> <ins>Shelah</ins> by the <del>king's garden, and unto</del> <ins>King's Garden, as far as</ins> the stairs that go down from the <del>city</del> <ins>City</ins> of David.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 3:16]</b> After him <del>repaired</del> Nehemiah the son of Azbuk, <del>the ruler</del> <ins>leader</ins> of <del>the</del> half <del>part</del> <ins>the district</ins> of <del>Bethzur, unto</del> <ins>Beth Zur, made repairs as far as</ins> the place <del>over against the sepulchres of David, and to the pool that was made, and unto the house</del> <ins>in front</ins> of the <del>mighty.</del> <ins>tombs of David, to the man-made pool, and as far as the House of the Mighty.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 3:17]</b> After him <del>repaired</del> the Levites, <ins>under</ins> Rehum the son of <del>Bani.</del> <ins>Bani, made repairs.</ins> Next <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> him <del>repaired</del> Hashabiah, <del>the ruler</del> <ins>leader</ins> of <del>the</del> half <del>part</del> <ins>the district</ins> of Keilah, <del>in</del> <ins>made repairs for</ins> his <del>part.</del> <ins>district.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 3:18]</b> After him <del>repaired</del> their brethren, <ins>under</ins> Bavai the son of Henadad, <del>the ruler</del> <ins>leader</ins> of the <ins>other</ins> half <del>part</del> of <del>Keilah.</del> <ins>the district of Keilah, made repairs.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 3:19]</b> And next to him <del>repaired</del> Ezer the son of Jeshua, the <del>ruler</del> <ins>leader</ins> of Mizpah, <ins>repaired</ins> another <del>piece over against the going up to the armoury at the turning</del> <ins>section in front</ins> of the <del>wall.</del> <ins>Ascent to the Armory at the buttress.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 3:20]</b> After him Baruch the son of Zabbai <del>earnestly</del> <ins>carefully</ins> repaired the other <del>piece,</del> <ins>section,</ins> from the <del>turning of the wall unto</del> <ins>buttress to</ins> the door of the house of Eliashib the high priest.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 3:21]</b> After him <del>repaired</del> Meremoth the son of <del>Urijah</del> <ins>Urijah,</ins> the son of <del>Koz</del> <ins>Koz, repaired</ins> another <del>piece,</del> <ins>section,</ins> from the door of the house of Eliashib <del>even</del> to the end of the house of Eliashib.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 3:22]</b> And after him <del>repaired</del> the priests, the men of the <del>plain.</del> <ins>plain, made repairs.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 3:23]</b> After him <del>repaired</del> Benjamin and <del>Hashub over against</del> <ins>Hasshub made repairs opposite</ins> their house. After <del>him repaired</del> <ins>them</ins> Azariah the son of <del>Maaseiah</del> <ins>Maaseiah,</ins> the son of <del>Ananiah</del> <ins>Ananiah, made repairs</ins> by his house.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 3:24]</b> After him <del>repaired</del> Binnui the son of Henadad <ins>repaired</ins> another <del>piece,</del> <ins>section,</ins> from the house of Azariah <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>turning of the wall,</del> <ins>buttress,</ins> even <del>unto</del> <ins>as far as</ins> the corner.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 3:25]</b> Palal the son of <del>Uzai, over against</del> <ins>Uzai made repairs opposite</ins> the <del>turning of the wall,</del> <ins>buttress,</ins> and <ins>on</ins> the tower which <del>lieth out</del> <ins>projects</ins> from the king's <del>high house,</del> <ins>upper house</ins> that was by the court of the prison. After him Pedaiah the son of <del>Parosh.</del> <ins>Parosh made repairs.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 3:26]</b> Moreover the <del>Nethinims</del> <ins>Nethinim who</ins> dwelt in <del>Ophel, unto</del> <ins>Ophel made repairs as far as</ins> the place <del>over against</del> <ins>in front of</ins> the <del>water gate</del> <ins>Water Gate</ins> toward the east, and <ins>on</ins> the <del>tower that lieth out.</del> <ins>projecting tower.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 3:27]</b> After them the Tekoites repaired another <del>piece, over against</del> <ins>section, next to</ins> the great <del>tower that lieth out, even unto</del> <ins>projecting tower, and as far as</ins> the wall of Ophel.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 3:28]</b> <del>From above</del> <ins>Beyond</ins> the <del>horse gate repaired</del> <ins>Horse Gate</ins> the <del>priests, every one over against</del> <ins>priests made repairs, each in front of</ins> his <ins>own</ins> house.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 3:29]</b> After them <del>repaired</del> Zadok the son of Immer <del>over against</del> <ins>made repairs in front of</ins> his <ins>own</ins> house. After him <del>repaired also</del> Shemaiah the son of Shechaniah, the keeper of the <del>east gate.</del> <ins>East Gate, made repairs.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 3:30]</b> After him <del>repaired</del> Hananiah the son of Shelemiah, and <del>Hanun</del> <ins>Hanun,</ins> the sixth son of Zalaph, <ins>repaired</ins> another <del>piece.</del> <ins>section.</ins> After him <del>repaired</del> Meshullam the son of Berechiah <del>over against</del> <ins>made repairs in front of</ins> his <del>chamber.</del> <ins>dwelling.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 3:31]</b> After him <del>repaired Malchiah the goldsmith's son unto the place</del> <ins>Malchijah, one</ins> of the <del>Nethinims,</del> <ins>goldsmiths, made repairs as far as the house of the Nethinim</ins> and of the merchants, <del>over against the gate Miphkad, and to the going up</del> <ins>in front</ins> of the <ins>Miphkad Gate, and as far as the upper room at the</ins> corner.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 3:32]</b> And between the <del>going up of</del> <ins>upper room at</ins> the <del>corner unto</del> <ins>corner, as far as</ins> the <del>sheep gate repaired</del> <ins>Sheep Gate,</ins> the goldsmiths and the <del>merchants.</del> <ins>merchants made repairs.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 4:1]</b> But it <del>came to pass, that</del> <ins>so happened,</ins> when Sanballat heard that we <del>builded</del> <ins>were rebuilding</ins> the wall, <ins>that</ins> he was <del>wroth,</del> <ins>furious</ins> and <del>took great indignation,</del> <ins>very indignant,</ins> and mocked the Jews.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 4:2]</b> And he <del>spake</del> <ins>spoke</ins> before his brethren and the army of Samaria, and said, <del>What do</del> <ins>"What are</ins> these feeble <del>Jews? will</del> <ins>Jews doing? Will</ins> they fortify themselves? <del>will</del> <ins>Will</ins> they <del>sacrifice? will</del> <ins>offer sacrifices? Will</ins> they <del>make an end</del> <ins>complete it</ins> in a day? <del>will</del> <ins>Will</ins> they revive the stones <del>out of</del> <ins>from</ins> the heaps of <del>the rubbish which</del> <ins>rubbish--stones that</ins> are <del>burned?</del> <ins>burned?"</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 4:3]</b> Now Tobiah the Ammonite was <del>by</del> <ins>beside</ins> him, and he said, <del>Even that which</del> <ins>"Whatever</ins> they build, if <ins>even</ins> a fox <del>go up,</del> <ins>goes up on it,</ins> he <del>shall even</del> <ins>will</ins> break down their stone <del>wall.</del> <ins>wall."</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 4:4]</b> Hear, O our <del>God;</del> <ins>God,</ins> for we are <del>despised: and</del> <ins>despised;</ins> turn their reproach <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> their own <del>head,</del> <ins>heads,</ins> and give them <del>for</del> <ins>as plunder to</ins> a <del>prey in the</del> land of <del>captivity:</del> <ins>captivity!</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 4:5]</b> <del>And cover</del> <ins>Do</ins> not <ins>cover</ins> their iniquity, and <del>let</del> <ins>do</ins> not <ins>let</ins> their sin be blotted out from before <del>thee:</del> <ins>You;</ins> for they have provoked <del>thee</del> <ins>You</ins> to anger before the builders.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 4:6]</b> So <del>built</del> we <ins>built</ins> the <del>wall;</del> <ins>wall,</ins> and <del>all</del> the <ins>entire</ins> wall was joined together <del>unto the</del> <ins>up to</ins> half <del>thereof:</del> <ins>its height,</ins> for the people had a mind to work.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 4:7]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>Now</ins> it <del>came to pass, that</del> <ins>happened,</ins> when Sanballat, <del>and</del> Tobiah, <del>and</del> the <del>Arabians, and</del> <ins>Arabs,</ins> the Ammonites, and the <del>Ashdodites,</del> <ins>Ashdodites</ins> heard that the walls of Jerusalem were <del>made up,</del> <ins>being restored</ins> and <del>that</del> the <del>breaches began</del> <ins>gaps were beginning</ins> to be <del>stopped, then</del> <ins>closed, that</ins> they <del>were</del> <ins>became</ins> very <del>wroth,</del> <ins>angry,</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 4:8]</b> <del>And conspired</del> <ins>and</ins> all of them <ins>conspired</ins> together to come and <del>to fight against Jerusalem,</del> <ins>attack Jerusalem</ins> and <del>to hinder it.</del> <ins>create confusion.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 4:9]</b> Nevertheless we made our prayer <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> our God, and <ins>because of them we</ins> set a watch against them day and <del>night, because of them.</del> <ins>night.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 4:10]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> Judah said, <del>The</del> <ins>"The</ins> strength of the <del>bearers of burdens</del> <ins>laborers</ins> is <del>decayed,</del> <ins>failing,</ins> and there is <del>much rubbish;</del> so <ins>much rubbish</ins> that we are not able to build the <del>wall.</del> <ins>wall."</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 4:11]</b> And our adversaries said, <del>They shall not know,</del> <ins>"They will</ins> neither <del>see,</del> <ins>know nor see anything,</ins> till we come <del>in the</del> <ins>into their</ins> midst <del>among them,</del> and <del>slay them,</del> <ins>kill them</ins> and cause the work to <del>cease.</del> <ins>cease."</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 4:12]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>So</ins> it <del>came to pass, that</del> <ins>was,</ins> when the Jews <del>which</del> <ins>who</ins> dwelt <del>by</del> <ins>near</ins> them came, <ins>that</ins> they <del>said unto</del> <ins>told</ins> us ten times, <del>From all places whence ye shall return unto us</del> <ins>"From whatever place you turn,</ins> they will be upon <del>you.</del> <ins>us."</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 4:13]</b> Therefore <del>set</del> I <del>in the lower places</del> <ins>positioned men</ins> behind the <del>wall, and on</del> <ins>lower parts of</ins> the <del>higher places,</del> <ins>wall, at the openings; and</ins> I <del>even</del> set the people <del>after</del> <ins>according to</ins> their <del>families</del> <ins>families,</ins> with their swords, their spears, and their bows.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 4:14]</b> And I looked, and <del>rose up,</del> <ins>arose</ins> and said <del>unto the nobles, and</del> to the <del>rulers,</del> <ins>nobles, to the leaders,</ins> and to the rest of the people, <del>Be</del> <ins>"Do</ins> not <del>ye</del> <ins>be</ins> afraid of <del>them: remember</del> <ins>them. Remember</ins> the <del>LORD, which is</del> <ins>Lord,</ins> great and <del>terrible,</del> <ins>awesome,</ins> and fight for your brethren, your sons, <del>and</del> your daughters, your wives, and your <del>houses.</del> <ins>houses."</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 4:15]</b> And it <del>came to pass,</del> <ins>happened,</ins> when our enemies heard that it was known <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> us, and <ins>that</ins> God had brought their <del>counsel</del> <ins>plot</ins> to <del>nought,</del> <ins>nothing,</ins> that <del>we returned</del> all of us <ins>returned</ins> to the wall, <del>every one unto</del> <ins>everyone to</ins> his work.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 4:16]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>So</ins> it <del>came to pass</del> <ins>was,</ins> from that time <del>forth,</del> <ins>on,</ins> that <del>the</del> half of my servants <del>wrought in the work, and</del> <ins>worked at construction, while</ins> the other half <del>of them</del> held <del>both</del> the spears, the shields, <del>and</del> the bows, and <del>the habergeons;</del> <ins>wore armor;</ins> and the <del>rulers</del> <ins>leaders</ins> were behind all the house of Judah.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 4:17]</b> <del>They which builded</del> <ins>Those who built</ins> on the wall, and <del>they that bare burdens, with</del> those <ins>who carried burdens, loaded themselves so</ins> that <del>laded, every one</del> with one <del>of his hands wrought in the work,</del> <ins>hand they worked at construction,</ins> and with the other <del>hand</del> held a weapon.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 4:18]</b> <del>For the builders, every</del> <ins>Every</ins> one <ins>of the builders</ins> had his sword girded <del>by</del> <ins>at</ins> his <del>side, and so builded. And</del> <ins>side as</ins> he <del>that</del> <ins>built. And the one who</ins> sounded the trumpet was <del>by</del> <ins>beside</ins> me.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 4:19]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> I said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the nobles, <del>and to</del> the rulers, and <del>to</del> the rest of the people, <del>The</del> <ins>"The</ins> work is great and <del>large,</del> <ins>extensive,</ins> and we are separated <del>upon the wall, one</del> far from <del>another.</del> <ins>one another on the wall.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 4:20]</b> <del>In what place therefore ye</del> <ins>Wherever you</ins> hear the sound of the trumpet, <del>resort ye thither unto us: our</del> <ins>rally to us there. Our</ins> God <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> fight for <del>us.</del> <ins>us."</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 4:21]</b> So we <del>laboured</del> <ins>labored</ins> in the <del>work:</del> <ins>work,</ins> and half of <del>them</del> <ins>the men</ins> held the spears from <del>the rising of the morning till</del> <ins>daybreak until</ins> the stars appeared.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 4:22]</b> <del>Likewise at</del> <ins>At</ins> the same time <del>said</del> I <del>unto</del> <ins>also said to</ins> the people, <del>Let every one with</del> <ins>"Let each man and</ins> his servant <del>lodge within</del> <ins>stay at night in</ins> Jerusalem, that <del>in the night</del> they may be <del>a</del> <ins>our</ins> guard <del>to us,</del> <ins>by night</ins> and <del>labour on the day.</del> <ins>a working party by day."</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 4:23]</b> So neither I, <del>nor</del> my brethren, <del>nor</del> my servants, nor the men of the guard <del>which</del> <ins>who</ins> followed <del>me, none of us put</del> <ins>me took</ins> off our clothes, <del>saving</del> <ins>except</ins> that <del>every one put</del> <ins>everyone took</ins> them off for washing.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 5:1]</b> And there was a great <del>cry</del> <ins>outcry</ins> of the people and <del>of</del> their wives against their <del>brethren the Jews.</del> <ins>Jewish brethren.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 5:2]</b> For there were <del>that</del> <ins>those who</ins> said, <del>We,</del> <ins>"We,</ins> our sons, and our <del>daughters,</del> <ins>daughters</ins> are <del>many:</del> <ins>many;</ins> therefore <del>we take up corn for them,</del> <ins>let us get grain,</ins> that we may <del>eat,</del> <ins>eat</ins> and <del>live.</del> <ins>live."</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 5:3]</b> <del>Some also there</del> <ins>There</ins> were <del>that</del> <ins>also some who</ins> said, <del>We</del> <ins>"We</ins> have mortgaged our <del>lands, vineyards,</del> <ins>lands and vineyards</ins> and houses, that we might buy <del>corn,</del> <ins>grain</ins> because of the <del>dearth.</del> <ins>famine."</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 5:4]</b> There were also <del>that</del> <ins>those who</ins> said, <del>We</del> <ins>"We</ins> have borrowed money for the king's <del>tribute, and that upon</del> <ins>tax on</ins> our lands and vineyards.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 5:5]</b> Yet now our flesh is as the flesh of our brethren, our children as their <del>children: and, lo,</del> <ins>children; and indeed</ins> we <del>bring into bondage</del> <ins>are forcing</ins> our sons and our daughters to be <del>servants,</del> <ins>slaves,</ins> and some of our daughters <del>are</del> <ins>have been</ins> brought <del>unto bondage already: neither</del> <ins>into slavery. It</ins> is <del>it</del> <ins>not</ins> in our power to redeem <del>them;</del> <ins>them,</ins> for other men have our lands and <del>vineyards.</del> <ins>vineyards."</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 5:6]</b> And I <del>was</del> <ins>became</ins> very angry when I heard their <del>cry</del> <ins>outcry</ins> and these words.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 5:7]</b> <del>Then I consulted with myself, and</del> <ins>After serious thought,</ins> I rebuked the <del>nobles,</del> <ins>nobles</ins> and <del>the</del> rulers, and said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> them, <del>Ye exact usury, every one</del> <ins>"Each</ins> of <ins>you is exacting usury from</ins> his <del>brother. And</del> <ins>brother." So</ins> I <del>set</del> <ins>called</ins> a great assembly against them.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 5:8]</b> And I said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> them, <del>We after</del> <ins>"According to</ins> our ability <ins>we</ins> have redeemed our <ins>Jewish</ins> brethren <del>the Jews, which</del> <ins>who</ins> were sold <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>heathen; and</del> <ins>nations. Now indeed,</ins> will <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> even sell your brethren? <del>or shall</del> <ins>Or should</ins> they be sold <del>unto us?</del> <ins>to us?"</ins> Then <del>held</del> they <del>their peace,</del> <ins>were silenced</ins> and found nothing to <del>answer.</del> <ins>say.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 5:9]</b> <del>Also</del> <ins>Then</ins> I said, <del>It</del> <ins>"What you are doing</ins> is not <del>good that ye do: ought ye</del> <ins>good. Should you</ins> not <del>to</del> walk in the fear of our God because of the reproach of the <del>heathen</del> <ins>nations,</ins> our enemies?</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 5:10]</b> I <del>likewise, and</del> <ins>also, with</ins> my <del>brethren,</del> <ins>brethren</ins> and my servants, <del>might exact of</del> <ins>am lending</ins> them money and <del>corn: I pray you,</del> <ins>grain. Please,</ins> let us <del>leave off</del> <ins>stop</ins> this <del>usury.</del> <ins>usury!</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 5:11]</b> <del>Restore, I pray you,</del> <ins>Restore now</ins> to them, even this day, their lands, their vineyards, their <del>oliveyards,</del> <ins>olive groves,</ins> and their houses, also <del>the</del> <ins>a</ins> hundredth <del>part</del> of the <del>money,</del> <ins>money</ins> and <del>of</del> the <del>corn,</del> <ins>grain,</ins> the <del>wine,</del> <ins>new wine</ins> and the oil, that <del>ye exact of them.</del> <ins>you have charged them."</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 5:12]</b> <del>Then said they, We</del> <ins>So they said, "We</ins> will restore <del>them,</del> <ins>it,</ins> and will require nothing <del>of</del> <ins>from</ins> them; <del>so will</del> we <ins>will</ins> do as <del>thou sayest.</del> <ins>you say."</ins> Then I called the priests, and <del>took</del> <ins>required</ins> an oath <del>of them,</del> <ins>from them</ins> that they <del>should</del> <ins>would</ins> do according to this promise.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 5:13]</b> <del>Also</del> <ins>Then</ins> I shook <ins>out the fold of</ins> my <del>lap,</del> <ins>garment</ins> and said, <del>So</del> <ins>"So may</ins> God shake out <del>every</del> <ins>each</ins> man from his house, and from his <del>labour, that performeth</del> <ins>property, who does</ins> not <ins>perform</ins> this <del>promise, even</del> <ins>promise. Even</ins> thus <del>be</del> <ins>may</ins> he <ins>be</ins> shaken <del>out,</del> <ins>out</ins> and <del>emptied.</del> <ins>emptied."</ins> And all the <del>congregation</del> <ins>assembly</ins> said, <del>Amen,</del> <ins>"Amen!"</ins> and praised the LORD. <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> the people did according to this promise.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 5:14]</b> <del>Moreover</del> <ins>Moreover,</ins> from the time that I was appointed to be their governor in the land of Judah, from the twentieth year <del>even unto</del> <ins>until</ins> the <del>two and thirtieth</del> <ins>thirty-second</ins> year of <del>Artaxerxes the king, that is,</del> <ins>King Artaxerxes,</ins> twelve years, <ins>neither</ins> I <del>and</del> <ins>nor</ins> my <del>brethren have not eaten</del> <ins>brothers ate</ins> the <del>bread of the governor.</del> <ins>governor's provisions.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 5:15]</b> But the former governors <del>that had been</del> <ins>who were</ins> before me <del>were chargeable unto</del> <ins>laid burdens on</ins> the people, and <del>had taken of</del> <ins>took from</ins> them bread and wine, <del>beside</del> <ins>besides</ins> forty shekels of <del>silver; yea,</del> <ins>silver. Yes,</ins> even their servants <del>bare</del> <ins>bore</ins> rule over the <del>people:</del> <ins>people,</ins> but <del>so</del> <ins>I</ins> did not <del>I,</del> <ins>do so,</ins> because of the fear of God.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 5:16]</b> <del>Yea, also</del> <ins>Indeed,</ins> I <ins>also</ins> continued <del>in</del> the work <del>of</del> <ins>on</ins> this wall, <del>neither bought we any land:</del> and <del>all</del> <ins>we did not buy any land. All</ins> my servants were gathered <del>thither unto</del> <ins>there for</ins> the work.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 5:17]</b> <del>Moreover there were</del> <ins>And</ins> at my table <del>an</del> <ins>were one</ins> hundred and fifty <del>of the</del> Jews and rulers, <del>beside</del> <ins>besides</ins> those <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> came <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> us from <del>among</del> the <del>heathen that are about</del> <ins>nations around</ins> us.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 5:18]</b> Now that which was prepared <del>for me</del> daily was one ox and six choice <del>sheep; also fowls</del> <ins>sheep. Also fowl</ins> were prepared for me, and once <del>in</del> <ins>every</ins> ten days <del>store</del> <ins>an abundance</ins> of all <del>sorts</del> <ins>kinds</ins> of <del>wine: yet for all this required not I the bread</del> <ins>wine. Yet in spite</ins> of <ins>this I did not demand</ins> the <del>governor,</del> <ins>governor's provisions,</ins> because the bondage was heavy <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> this people.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 5:19]</b> <del>Think upon</del> <ins>Remember</ins> me, my God, for good, according to all that I have done for this people.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 6:1]</b> Now it <del>came to pass</del> <ins>happened</ins> when Sanballat, <del>and</del> Tobiah, <del>and</del> Geshem the <del>Arabian,</del> <ins>Arab,</ins> and the rest of our <del>enemies,</del> <ins>enemies</ins> heard that I had <del>builded</del> <ins>rebuilt</ins> the wall, and that there <del>was</del> <ins>were</ins> no <del>breach</del> <ins>breaks</ins> left <del>therein;</del> <ins>in it</ins> (though at that time I had not <del>set up</del> <ins>hung</ins> the doors <del>upon</del> <ins>in</ins> the <del>gates;)</del> <ins>gates),</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 6:2]</b> <del>That</del> <ins>that</ins> Sanballat and Geshem sent <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me, saying, <del>Come,</del> <ins>"Come,</ins> let us meet together <del>in some one of</del> <ins>among</ins> the villages in the plain of <del>Ono.</del> <ins>Ono."</ins> But they thought to do me <del>mischief.</del> <ins>harm.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 6:3]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>So</ins> I sent messengers <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> them, saying, <del>I</del> <ins>"I</ins> am doing a great work, so that I cannot come <del>down: why</del> <ins>down. Why</ins> should the work <del>cease, whilst</del> <ins>cease while</ins> I leave <del>it,</del> <ins>it</ins> and <del>come</del> <ins>go</ins> down to <del>you?</del> <ins>you?"</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 6:4]</b> <del>Yet</del> <ins>But</ins> they sent <del>unto</del> me <del>four times after</del> this <del>sort;</del> <ins>message four times,</ins> and I answered them <del>after</del> <ins>in</ins> the same manner.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 6:5]</b> Then <del>sent</del> Sanballat <ins>sent</ins> his servant <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me <del>in like manner</del> <ins>as before,</ins> the fifth <del>time</del> <ins>time,</ins> with an open letter in his <del>hand;</del> <ins>hand.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 6:6]</b> <del>Wherein</del> <ins>In it</ins> was <del>written,</del> <ins>written:</ins> It is reported among the <del>heathen,</del> <ins>nations,</ins> and <del>Gashmu saith it,</del> <ins>Geshem says,</ins> that <del>thou</del> <ins>you</ins> and the Jews <del>think</del> <ins>plan</ins> to <del>rebel: for which cause thou buildest the wall, that thou mayest be their king,</del> <ins>rebel; therefore,</ins> according to these <del>words.</del> <ins>rumors, you are rebuilding the wall, that you may be their king.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 6:7]</b> And <del>thou hast</del> <ins>you have</ins> also appointed prophets to <del>preach of thee</del> <ins>proclaim concerning you</ins> at Jerusalem, saying, <del>There</del> <ins>"There</ins> is a king in <del>Judah: and now shall it</del> <ins>Judah!" Now these matters will</ins> be reported to the <del>king according to these words. Come now</del> <ins>king. So come,</ins> therefore, and let us <del>take counsel</del> <ins>consult</ins> together.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 6:8]</b> Then I sent <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> him, saying, <del>There are no</del> <ins>"No</ins> such things <del>done</del> as <del>thou sayest,</del> <ins>you say are being done,</ins> but <del>thou feignest</del> <ins>you invent</ins> them <del>out of thine</del> <ins>in your</ins> own <del>heart.</del> <ins>heart."</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 6:9]</b> For they all <del>made</del> <ins>were trying to make</ins> us afraid, saying, <del>Their</del> <ins>"Their</ins> hands <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be weakened <del>from</del> <ins>in</ins> the work, <del>that</del> <ins>and</ins> it <del>be</del> <ins>will</ins> not <del>done.</del> <ins>be done."</ins> Now therefore, O God, strengthen my hands.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 6:10]</b> Afterward I came <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the house of Shemaiah the son of <del>Delaiah</del> <ins>Delaiah,</ins> the son of <del>Mehetabeel,</del> <ins>Mehetabel,</ins> who was <del>shut up;</del> <ins>a secret informer;</ins> and he said, <del>Let</del> <ins>"Let</ins> us meet together in the house of God, within the temple, and let us <del>shut</del> <ins>close</ins> the doors of the <del>temple:</del> <ins>temple,</ins> for <ins>they are coming to kill you; indeed, at night</ins> they will come to <del>slay thee; yea, in the night will they come to slay thee.</del> <ins>kill you."</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 6:11]</b> And I said, <del>Should</del> <ins>"Should</ins> such a man as I flee? <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> who is <del>there, that, being</del> <ins>there such</ins> as I <del>am,</del> <ins>who</ins> would go into the temple to save his life? I will not go <del>in.</del> <ins>in!"</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 6:12]</b> <del>And, lo,</del> <ins>Then</ins> I perceived that God had not sent <del>him;</del> <ins>him at all,</ins> but that he pronounced this prophecy against <del>me: for</del> <ins>me because</ins> Tobiah and Sanballat had hired him.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 6:13]</b> <del>Therefore was</del> <ins>For this reason</ins> he <ins>was</ins> hired, that I should be <del>afraid,</del> <ins>afraid</ins> and <del>do so,</del> <ins>act that way</ins> and sin, <del>and</del> <ins>so</ins> that they might have <del>matter</del> <ins>cause</ins> for an evil report, that they might reproach me.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 6:14]</b> My God, <del>think thou upon</del> <ins>remember</ins> Tobiah and <del>Sanballat</del> <ins>Sanballat,</ins> according to these their works, and <del>on</del> the prophetess <del>Noadiah,</del> <ins>Noadiah</ins> and the rest of the <del>prophets, that</del> <ins>prophets who</ins> would have <del>put</del> <ins>made</ins> me <del>in fear.</del> <ins>afraid.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 6:15]</b> So the wall was finished <del>in</del> <ins>on</ins> the <del>twenty and fifth</del> <ins>twenty-fifth</ins> day of <del>the month</del> Elul, in <del>fifty and two</del> <ins>fifty-two</ins> days.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 6:16]</b> And it <del>came to pass, that</del> <ins>happened,</ins> when all our enemies heard <del>thereof,</del> <ins>of it,</ins> and all the <del>heathen that were about</del> <ins>nations around</ins> us saw these things, <ins>that</ins> they were <del>much cast down</del> <ins>very disheartened</ins> in their own <del>eyes:</del> <ins>eyes;</ins> for they perceived that this work was <del>wrought of</del> <ins>done by</ins> our God.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 6:17]</b> <del>Moreover</del> <ins>Also</ins> in those days the nobles of Judah sent many letters <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> Tobiah, and the letters of Tobiah came <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> them.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 6:18]</b> For <del>there were</del> many in Judah <del>sworn unto</del> <ins>were pledged to</ins> him, because he was the <del>son in law</del> <ins>son-in-law</ins> of Shechaniah the son of <del>Arah;</del> <ins>Arah,</ins> and his son <del>Johanan</del> <ins>Jehohanan</ins> had <del>taken</del> <ins>married</ins> the daughter of Meshullam the son of Berechiah.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 6:19]</b> Also they reported his good deeds before me, and <del>uttered</del> <ins>reported</ins> my words to him. <del>And</del> Tobiah sent letters to <del>put me in fear.</del> <ins>frighten me.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:1]</b> <del>Now</del> <ins>Then</ins> it <del>came to pass,</del> <ins>was,</ins> when the wall was <del>built,</del> <ins>built</ins> and I had <del>set up</del> <ins>hung</ins> the doors, <del>and</del> <ins>when</ins> the <del>porters and</del> <ins>gatekeepers,</ins> the <del>singers</del> <ins>singers,</ins> and the Levites <del>were</del> <ins>had been</ins> appointed,</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:2]</b> <del>That</del> <ins>that</ins> I gave <ins>the charge of Jerusalem to</ins> my brother Hanani, and Hananiah the <del>ruler</del> <ins>leader</ins> of the <del>palace, charge over Jerusalem:</del> <ins>citadel,</ins> for he was a faithful <del>man,</del> <ins>man</ins> and feared God <del>above</del> <ins>more than</ins> many.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:3]</b> And I said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> them, <del>Let</del> <ins>"Do</ins> not <ins>let</ins> the gates of Jerusalem be opened until the sun <del>be</del> <ins>is</ins> hot; and while they stand <del>by,</del> <ins>guard,</ins> let them shut <del>the doors,</del> and bar <del>them:</del> <ins>the doors;</ins> and appoint <del>watches of</del> <ins>guards from among</ins> the inhabitants of Jerusalem, <del>every</del> one <del>in</del> <ins>at</ins> his <del>watch,</del> <ins>watch station</ins> and <del>every one to be over against</del> <ins>another in front of</ins> his <del>house.</del> <ins>own house."</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:4]</b> Now the city was large and <del>great:</del> <ins>spacious,</ins> but the people <ins>in it</ins> were <del>few therein,</del> <ins>few,</ins> and the houses were not <del>builded.</del> <ins>rebuilt.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:5]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> my God put <ins>it</ins> into <del>mine</del> <ins>my</ins> heart to gather <del>together</del> the nobles, <del>and</del> the rulers, and the people, that they might be <del>reckoned</del> <ins>registered</ins> by genealogy. And I found a register of the genealogy of <del>them which came</del> <ins>those who had come</ins> up <del>at</del> <ins>in</ins> the <del>first,</del> <ins>first return,</ins> and found written <del>therein,</del> <ins>in it:</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:6]</b> These are the <del>children</del> <ins>people</ins> of the <del>province, that went up out of</del> <ins>province who came back from</ins> the captivity, of those <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> had been carried away, whom Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon had carried away, and <del>came again</del> <ins>who returned</ins> to Jerusalem and <del>to</del> Judah, <del>every one unto</del> <ins>everyone to</ins> his <del>city;</del> <ins>city.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:7]</b> <del>Who</del> <ins>Those who</ins> came with <del>Zerubbabel,</del> <ins>Zerubbabel were</ins> Jeshua, Nehemiah, Azariah, Raamiah, Nahamani, Mordecai, Bilshan, Mispereth, Bigvai, Nehum, <ins>and</ins> Baanah. The <del>number, I say,</del> <ins>number</ins> of the men of the people of <del>Israel was this;</del> <ins>Israel:</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:8]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Parosh, two thousand <del>an</del> <ins>one</ins> hundred <del>seventy</del> and <del>two.</del> <ins>seventy-two;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:9]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Shephatiah, three hundred <del>seventy</del> and <del>two.</del> <ins>seventy-two;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:10]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Arah, six hundred <del>fifty</del> and <del>two.</del> <ins>fifty-two;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:11]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of <del>Pahathmoab,</del> <ins>Pahath-Moab,</ins> of the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Jeshua and Joab, two thousand <del>and</del> eight hundred and <del>eighteen.</del> <ins>eighteen;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:12]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Elam, <del>a</del> <ins>one</ins> thousand two hundred <del>fifty</del> and <del>four.</del> <ins>fifty-four;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:13]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Zattu, eight hundred <del>forty</del> and <del>five.</del> <ins>forty-five;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:14]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Zaccai, seven hundred and <del>threescore.</del> <ins>sixty;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:15]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Binnui, six hundred <del>forty</del> and <del>eight.</del> <ins>forty-eight;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:16]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Bebai, six hundred <del>twenty</del> and <del>eight.</del> <ins>twenty-eight;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:17]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Azgad, two thousand three hundred <del>twenty</del> and <del>two.</del> <ins>twenty-two;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:18]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Adonikam, six hundred <del>threescore</del> and <del>seven.</del> <ins>sixty-seven;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:19]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Bigvai, two thousand <del>threescore</del> and <del>seven.</del> <ins>sixty-seven;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:20]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Adin, six hundred <del>fifty</del> and <del>five.</del> <ins>fifty-five;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:21]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Ater of Hezekiah, <del>ninety and eight.</del> <ins>ninety-eight;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:22]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Hashum, three hundred <del>twenty</del> and <del>eight.</del> <ins>twenty-eight;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:23]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Bezai, three hundred <del>twenty</del> and <del>four.</del> <ins>twenty-four;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:24]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Hariph, <del>an</del> <ins>one</ins> hundred and <del>twelve.</del> <ins>twelve;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:25]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Gibeon, <del>ninety and five.</del> <ins>ninety-five;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:26]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>the</ins> men of Bethlehem and Netophah, <del>an</del> <ins>one</ins> hundred <del>fourscore</del> and <del>eight.</del> <ins>eighty-eight;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:27]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>the</ins> men of Anathoth, <del>an</del> <ins>one</ins> hundred <del>twenty</del> and <del>eight.</del> <ins>twenty-eight;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:28]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>the</ins> men of <del>Bethazmaveth, forty and two.</del> <ins>Beth Azmaveth, forty-two;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:29]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>the</ins> men of <del>Kirjathjearim,</del> <ins>Kirjath Jearim,</ins> Chephirah, and Beeroth, seven hundred <del>forty</del> and <del>three.</del> <ins>forty-three;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:30]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>the</ins> men of Ramah and <del>Gaba,</del> <ins>Geba,</ins> six hundred <del>twenty</del> and <del>one.</del> <ins>twenty-one;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:31]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>the</ins> men of Michmas, <del>an</del> <ins>one</ins> hundred and <del>twenty and two.</del> <ins>twenty-two;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:32]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>the</ins> men of Bethel and Ai, <del>an</del> <ins>one</ins> hundred <del>twenty</del> and <del>three.</del> <ins>twenty-three;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:33]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>the</ins> men of the other Nebo, <del>fifty and two.</del> <ins>fifty-two;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:34]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of the other Elam, <del>a</del> <ins>one</ins> thousand two hundred <del>fifty</del> and <del>four.</del> <ins>fifty-four;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:35]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Harim, three hundred and <del>twenty.</del> <ins>twenty;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:36]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Jericho, three hundred <del>forty</del> and <del>five.</del> <ins>forty-five;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:37]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Lod, Hadid, and Ono, seven hundred <del>twenty</del> and <del>one.</del> <ins>twenty-one;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:38]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Senaah, three thousand nine hundred and thirty.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:39]</b> The priests: the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Jedaiah, of the house of Jeshua, nine hundred <del>seventy</del> and <del>three.</del> <ins>seventy-three;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:40]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Immer, <del>a</del> <ins>one</ins> thousand <del>fifty</del> and <del>two.</del> <ins>fifty-two;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:41]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of <del>Pashur, a</del> <ins>Pashhur, one</ins> thousand two hundred <del>forty</del> and <del>seven.</del> <ins>forty-seven;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:42]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Harim, <del>a</del> <ins>one</ins> thousand and seventeen.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:43]</b> The Levites: the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Jeshua, of Kadmiel, and of the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Hodevah, <del>seventy and four.</del> <ins>seventy-four.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:44]</b> The singers: the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Asaph, <del>an</del> <ins>one</ins> hundred <del>forty</del> and <del>eight.</del> <ins>forty-eight.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:45]</b> The <del>porters:</del> <ins>gatekeepers:</ins> the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Shallum, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Ater, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Talmon, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Akkub, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Hatita, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Shobai, <del>an</del> <ins>one</ins> hundred <del>thirty</del> and <del>eight.</del> <ins>thirty-eight.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:46]</b> The <del>Nethinims:</del> <ins>Nethinim:</ins> the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Ziha, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of <del>Hashupha,</del> <ins>Hasupha,</ins> the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Tabbaoth,</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:47]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Keros, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Sia, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Padon,</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:48]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Lebana, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Hagaba, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of <del>Shalmai,</del> <ins>Salmai,</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:49]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Hanan, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Giddel, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Gahar,</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:50]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Reaiah, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Rezin, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Nekoda,</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:51]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Gazzam, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Uzza, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of <del>Phaseah,</del> <ins>Paseah,</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:52]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Besai, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Meunim, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Nephishesim,</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:53]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Bakbuk, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Hakupha, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Harhur,</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:54]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Bazlith, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Mehida, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Harsha,</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:55]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Barkos, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Sisera, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Tamah,</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:56]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Neziah, <ins>and</ins> the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Hatipha.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:57]</b> The <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Solomon's servants: the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Sotai, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Sophereth, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Perida,</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:58]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Jaala, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Darkon, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Giddel,</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:59]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Shephatiah, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Hattil, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Pochereth of Zebaim, <ins>and</ins> the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Amon.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:60]</b> All the <del>Nethinims,</del> <ins>Nethinim,</ins> and the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Solomon's servants, were three hundred <del>ninety</del> and <del>two.</del> <ins>ninety-two.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:61]</b> And these were <del>they which went</del> <ins>the ones who came</ins> up <del>also</del> from <del>Telmelah, Telharesha,</del> <ins>Tel Melah, Tel Harsha,</ins> Cherub, Addon, and <del>Immer:</del> <ins>Immer,</ins> but they could not <del>shew</del> <ins>identify</ins> their father's <del>house,</del> <ins>house</ins> nor their <del>seed,</del> <ins>lineage,</ins> whether they were of <del>Israel.</del> <ins>Israel:</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:62]</b> <del>The children</del> <ins>the sons</ins> of Delaiah, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Tobiah, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Nekoda, six hundred <del>forty</del> and <del>two.</del> <ins>forty-two;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:63]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> of the priests: the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Habaiah, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Koz, the <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of Barzillai, <del>which</del> <ins>who</ins> took <del>one</del> <ins>a wife</ins> of the daughters of Barzillai the <del>Gileadite to wife,</del> <ins>Gileadite,</ins> and was called <del>after</del> <ins>by</ins> their name.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:64]</b> These sought their <del>register</del> <ins>listing</ins> among those <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> were <del>reckoned</del> <ins>registered</ins> by genealogy, but it was not <del>found:</del> <ins>found;</ins> therefore <ins>they</ins> were <del>they, as polluted, put</del> <ins>excluded</ins> from the <del>priesthood.</del> <ins>priesthood as defiled.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:65]</b> And the <del>Tirshatha</del> <ins>governor</ins> said <del>unto them,</del> <ins>to them</ins> that they should not eat of the most holy <del>things,</del> <ins>things</ins> till <del>there stood up</del> a priest <ins>could consult</ins> with <ins>the</ins> Urim and Thummim.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:66]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>Altogether the</ins> whole <del>congregation together</del> <ins>assembly</ins> was <del>forty and two</del> <ins>forty-two</ins> thousand three hundred and <del>threescore,</del> <ins>sixty,</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:67]</b> <del>Beside</del> <ins>besides</ins> their <del>manservants</del> <ins>male</ins> and <del>their maidservants,</del> <ins>female servants,</ins> of whom there were seven thousand three hundred <del>thirty</del> and <del>seven:</del> <ins>thirty-seven;</ins> and they had two hundred <del>forty</del> and <del>five singing</del> <ins>forty-five</ins> men and <del>singing women.</del> <ins>women singers.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:68]</b> Their <del>horses,</del> <ins>horses were</ins> seven hundred <del>thirty</del> and <del>six:</del> <ins>thirty-six,</ins> their <del>mules,</del> <ins>mules</ins> two hundred <del>forty</del> and <del>five:</del> <ins>forty-five,</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:69]</b> <del>Their camels,</del> <ins>their camels</ins> four hundred <del>thirty</del> and <del>five:</del> <ins>thirty-five, and donkeys</ins> six thousand seven hundred and <del>twenty asses.</del> <ins>twenty.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:70]</b> And some of the <del>chief</del> <ins>heads</ins> of the <del>fathers gave unto the work. The Tirshatha</del> <ins>fathers' houses</ins> gave to the <del>treasure a</del> <ins>work. The governor gave to the treasury one</ins> thousand <del>drams of gold,</del> <ins>gold drachmas,</ins> fifty <del>basons,</del> <ins>basins, and</ins> five hundred and thirty <del>priests'</del> <ins>priestly</ins> garments.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:71]</b> <del>And some</del> <ins>Some</ins> of the <del>chief</del> <ins>heads</ins> of the <del>fathers</del> <ins>fathers' houses</ins> gave to the <del>treasure</del> <ins>treasury</ins> of the work twenty thousand <del>drams of gold,</del> <ins>gold drachmas,</ins> and two thousand <del>and</del> two hundred <del>pound of silver.</del> <ins>silver minas.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:72]</b> And that which the rest of the people gave was twenty thousand <del>drams of gold, and</del> <ins>gold drachmas,</ins> two thousand <del>pound of silver,</del> <ins>silver minas,</ins> and <del>threescore and seven priests'</del> <ins>sixty-seven priestly</ins> garments.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 7:73]</b> So the priests, <del>and</del> the Levites, <del>and</del> the <del>porters, and</del> <ins>gatekeepers,</ins> the singers, <del>and</del> some of the people, <del>and</del> the <del>Nethinims,</del> <ins>Nethinim,</ins> and all <del>Israel,</del> <ins>Israel</ins> dwelt in their <del>cities; and when</del> <ins>cities. When</ins> the seventh month came, the children of Israel were in their cities.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 8:1]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Now</ins> all the people gathered <del>themselves</del> together as one man <del>into</del> <ins>in</ins> the <del>street</del> <ins>open square</ins> that was <del>before</del> <ins>in front of</ins> the <del>water gate;</del> <ins>Water Gate;</ins> and they <del>spake unto</del> <ins>told</ins> Ezra the scribe to bring the <del>book</del> <ins>Book</ins> of the <del>law</del> <ins>Law</ins> of Moses, which the LORD had commanded <del>to</del> Israel.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 8:2]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>So</ins> Ezra the priest brought the <del>law</del> <ins>Law</ins> before the <del>congregation both</del> <ins>assembly</ins> of men and <del>women,</del> <ins>women</ins> and all <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> could hear with <del>understanding, upon</del> <ins>understanding on</ins> the first day of the seventh month.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 8:3]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> he read <del>therein before</del> <ins>from it in</ins> the <del>street</del> <ins>open square</ins> that was <del>before</del> <ins>in front of</ins> the <del>water gate</del> <ins>Water Gate</ins> from <del>the</del> morning until midday, before the men and <del>the women,</del> <ins>women</ins> and those <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> could understand; and the ears of all the people were attentive <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>book</del> <ins>Book</ins> of the <del>law.</del> <ins>Law.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 8:4]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>So</ins> Ezra the scribe stood <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> a <del>pulpit</del> <ins>platform</ins> of <del>wood,</del> <ins>wood</ins> which they had made for the purpose; and beside <del>him stood Mattithiah, and Shema, and Anaiah, and Urijah, and Hilkiah, and Maaseiah, on</del> <ins>him, at</ins> his right <del>hand;</del> <ins>hand, stood Mattithiah, Shema, Anaiah, Urijah, Hilkiah,</ins> and <del>on</del> <ins>Maaseiah; and at</ins> his left <del>hand,</del> <ins>hand</ins> Pedaiah, <del>and</del> Mishael, <del>and Malchiah, and</del> <ins>Malchijah,</ins> Hashum, <del>and</del> Hashbadana, Zechariah, and Meshullam.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 8:5]</b> And Ezra opened the book in the sight of all the <del>people; (for</del> <ins>people, for</ins> he was <ins>standing</ins> above all the <del>people;)</del> <ins>people;</ins> and when he opened it, all the people stood <del>up:</del> <ins>up.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 8:6]</b> And Ezra blessed the LORD, the great God. <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> all the people answered, <del>Amen, Amen, with</del> <ins>"Amen, Amen!" while</ins> lifting up their <del>hands: and</del> <ins>hands. And</ins> they bowed their <del>heads,</del> <ins>heads</ins> and <del>worshipped</del> <ins>worshiped</ins> the LORD with their faces to the ground.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 8:7]</b> Also Jeshua, <del>and</del> Bani, <del>and</del> Sherebiah, Jamin, Akkub, Shabbethai, Hodijah, Maaseiah, Kelita, Azariah, Jozabad, Hanan, Pelaiah, and the Levites, <del>caused</del> <ins>helped</ins> the people to understand the <del>law:</del> <ins>Law;</ins> and the people stood in their place.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 8:8]</b> So they read <ins>distinctly from the book,</ins> in the <del>book in the law</del> <ins>Law</ins> of <del>God distinctly,</del> <ins>God;</ins> and <ins>they</ins> gave the sense, and <del>caused</del> <ins>helped</ins> them to understand the reading.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 8:9]</b> And Nehemiah, <del>which is</del> <ins>who was</ins> the <del>Tirshatha, and</del> <ins>governor,</ins> Ezra the priest <del>the</del> <ins>and</ins> scribe, and the Levites <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> taught the <del>people,</del> <ins>people</ins> said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> all the people, <del>This</del> <ins>"This</ins> day is holy <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the LORD your God; <ins>do not</ins> mourn <del>not,</del> nor <del>weep.</del> <ins>weep."</ins> For all the people wept, when they heard the words of the <del>law.</del> <ins>Law.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 8:10]</b> Then he said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> them, <del>Go</del> <ins>"Go</ins> your way, eat the fat, <del>and</del> drink the sweet, and send portions <del>unto them</del> <ins>to those</ins> for whom nothing is <del>prepared:</del> <ins>prepared;</ins> for this day is holy <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> our <del>LORD: neither be ye sorry;</del> <ins>Lord. Do not sorrow,</ins> for the joy of the LORD is your <del>strength.</del> <ins>strength."</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 8:11]</b> So the Levites <del>stilled</del> <ins>quieted</ins> all the people, saying, <del>Hold your peace,</del> <ins>"Be still,</ins> for the day is holy; <del>neither</del> <ins>do not</ins> be <del>ye grieved.</del> <ins>grieved."</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 8:12]</b> And all the people went their way to <del>eat,</del> <ins>eat</ins> and <del>to</del> drink, <del>and</del> to send <del>portions,</del> <ins>portions</ins> and <del>to make great mirth,</del> <ins>rejoice greatly,</ins> because they <del>had</del> understood the words that were declared <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> them.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 8:13]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Now</ins> on the second day <del>were gathered together</del> the <del>chief</del> <ins>heads</ins> of the <del>fathers</del> <ins>fathers' houses</ins> of all the people, <ins>with</ins> the <del>priests,</del> <ins>priests</ins> and <del>the</del> Levites, <del>unto</del> <ins>were gathered to</ins> Ezra the scribe, <del>even</del> <ins>in order</ins> to understand the words of the <del>law.</del> <ins>Law.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 8:14]</b> And they found written in the <del>law</del> <ins>Law,</ins> which the LORD had commanded by Moses, that the children of Israel should dwell in booths <del>in</del> <ins>during</ins> the feast of the seventh <del>month:</del> <ins>month,</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 8:15]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> that they should <del>publish</del> <ins>announce</ins> and proclaim in all their <del>cities,</del> <ins>cities</ins> and in Jerusalem, saying, <del>Go forth unto</del> <ins>"Go out to</ins> the <del>mount,</del> <ins>mountain,</ins> and <del>fetch</del> <ins>bring</ins> olive branches, <del>and pine branches, and</del> <ins>branches of oil trees,</ins> myrtle branches, <del>and</del> palm branches, and branches of <del>thick</del> <ins>leafy</ins> trees, to make booths, as it is <del>written.</del> <ins>written."</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 8:16]</b> <del>So</del> <ins>Then</ins> the people went <del>forth,</del> <ins>out</ins> and brought <del>them,</del> <ins>them</ins> and made themselves booths, <del>every</del> <ins>each</ins> one <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> the roof of his house, <del>and</del> <ins>or</ins> in their <del>courts, and in</del> <ins>courtyards or</ins> the courts of the house of God, and in the <del>street</del> <ins>open square</ins> of the <del>water gate,</del> <ins>Water Gate</ins> and in the <del>street</del> <ins>open square</ins> of the <del>gate</del> <ins>Gate</ins> of Ephraim.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 8:17]</b> <del>And all</del> <ins>So</ins> the <del>congregation</del> <ins>whole assembly</ins> of <del>them that were come again out of</del> <ins>those who had returned from</ins> the captivity made <del>booths,</del> <ins>booths</ins> and sat under the <del>booths:</del> <ins>booths;</ins> for since the days of <del>Jeshua</del> <ins>Joshua</ins> the son of Nun <del>unto</del> <ins>until</ins> that day <del>had not</del> the children of Israel <ins>had not</ins> done so. And there was very great gladness.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 8:18]</b> Also day by day, from the first day <del>unto</del> <ins>until</ins> the last day, he read <del>in</del> <ins>from</ins> the <del>book</del> <ins>Book</ins> of the <del>law</del> <ins>Law</ins> of God. And they kept the feast seven days; and on the eighth day <ins>there</ins> was a <del>solemn</del> <ins>sacred</ins> assembly, according <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the <ins>prescribed</ins> manner.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 9:1]</b> Now <del>in</del> <ins>on</ins> the <del>twenty and fourth</del> <ins>twenty-fourth</ins> day of this month the children of Israel were assembled with fasting, <ins>in sackcloth,</ins> and with <del>sackclothes, and earth upon them.</del> <ins>dust on their heads.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 9:2]</b> <del>And the seed</del> <ins>Then those</ins> of <del>Israel</del> <ins>Israelite lineage</ins> separated themselves from all <del>strangers,</del> <ins>foreigners;</ins> and <ins>they</ins> stood and confessed their <del>sins,</del> <ins>sins</ins> and the iniquities of their fathers.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 9:3]</b> And they stood up in their <del>place,</del> <ins>place</ins> and read <del>in</del> <ins>from</ins> the <del>book</del> <ins>Book</ins> of the <del>law</del> <ins>Law</ins> of the LORD their God <del>one fourth part</del> <ins>for one-fourth</ins> of the day; and <ins>for</ins> another fourth <del>part</del> they <del>confessed,</del> <ins>confessed</ins> and <del>worshipped</del> <ins>worshiped</ins> the LORD their God.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 9:4]</b> Then <del>stood up upon the stairs, of the Levites,</del> Jeshua, <del>and</del> Bani, Kadmiel, Shebaniah, Bunni, Sherebiah, Bani, and <del>Chenani,</del> <ins>Chenani stood on the stairs of the Levites</ins> and cried <ins>out</ins> with a loud voice <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the LORD their God.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 9:5]</b> <del>Then</del> <ins>And</ins> the Levites, Jeshua, <del>and</del> Kadmiel, Bani, Hashabniah, Sherebiah, Hodijah, Shebaniah, and Pethahiah, <del>said, Stand</del> <ins>said: "Stand</ins> up and bless the LORD your God <del>for ever</del> <ins>Forever</ins> and <del>ever: and blessed</del> <ins>ever! "Blessed</ins> be <del>thy</del> <ins>Your</ins> glorious name, <del>which</del> <ins>Which</ins> is exalted above all blessing and <del>praise.</del> <ins>praise!</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 9:6]</b> <del>Thou, even thou, art LORD alone; thou hast</del> <ins>You alone are the LORD; You have</ins> made heaven, <del>the</del> <ins>The</ins> heaven of heavens, with all their host, <del>the earth,</del> <ins>The earth</ins> and <del>all things that are therein, the seas,</del> <ins>everything on it, The seas</ins> and all that is <del>therein, and thou preservest</del> <ins>in them, And You preserve</ins> them <del>all; and the</del> <ins>all. The</ins> host of heaven <del>worshippeth thee.</del> <ins>worships You.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 9:7]</b> <del>Thou art</del> <ins>"You are</ins> the LORD <del>the</del> God, <del>who didst choose</del> <ins>Who chose</ins> Abram, <del>and broughtest</del> <ins>And brought</ins> him <del>forth</del> out of Ur of the <del>Chaldees, and gavest</del> <ins>Chaldeans, And gave</ins> him the name <del>of</del> Abraham;</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 9:8]</b> <del>And foundest</del> <ins>You found</ins> his heart faithful before <del>thee, and madest</del> <ins>You, And made</ins> a covenant with him <del>to</del> <ins>To</ins> give the land of the Canaanites, <del>the</del> <ins>The</ins> Hittites, the Amorites, <del>and the</del> <ins>The</ins> Perizzites, <del>and</del> the Jebusites, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> the <del>Girgashites, to</del> <ins>Girgashites--To</ins> give <del>it, I say,</del> <ins>it</ins> to his <del>seed, and hast</del> <ins>descendants. You have</ins> performed <del>thy words; for thou art righteous:</del> <ins>Your words, For You are righteous.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 9:9]</b> <del>And didst see</del> <ins>"You saw</ins> the affliction of our fathers in Egypt, <del>and heardest</del> <ins>And heard</ins> their cry by the Red <del>sea;</del> <ins>Sea.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 9:10]</b> <del>And shewedst</del> <ins>You showed</ins> signs and wonders <del>upon</del> <ins>against</ins> Pharaoh, <del>and on</del> <ins>Against</ins> all his servants, <del>and on</del> <ins>And against</ins> all the people of his <del>land: for thou knewest</del> <ins>land. For You knew</ins> that they <del>dealt</del> <ins>acted</ins> proudly against them. So <del>didst thou get thee</del> <ins>You made</ins> a <del>name,</del> <ins>name for Yourself,</ins> as it is this day.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 9:11]</b> And <del>thou didst divide</del> <ins>You divided</ins> the sea before them, <del>so</del> <ins>So</ins> that they went through the midst of the sea on the dry land; <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> their persecutors <del>thou threwest</del> <ins>You threw</ins> into the <del>deeps, as</del> <ins>deep, As</ins> a stone into the mighty waters.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 9:12]</b> Moreover <del>thou leddest</del> <ins>You led</ins> them <del>in the day</del> by <ins>day with</ins> a cloudy <del>pillar; and in the night</del> <ins>pillar, And</ins> by <ins>night with</ins> a pillar of fire, <del>to</del> <ins>To</ins> give them light <del>in</del> <ins>on</ins> the <del>way wherein</del> <ins>road Which</ins> they should <del>go.</del> <ins>travel.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 9:13]</b> <del>Thou camest</del> <ins>"You came</ins> down also <del>upon mount</del> <ins>on Mount</ins> Sinai, <del>and spakest</del> <ins>And spoke</ins> with them from heaven, <del>and gavest</del> <ins>And gave</ins> them <del>right judgments,</del> <ins>just ordinances</ins> and true laws, <del>good</del> <ins>Good</ins> statutes and <del>commandments:</del> <ins>commandments.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 9:14]</b> <del>And madest</del> <ins>You made</ins> known <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> them <del>thy</del> <ins>Your</ins> holy <del>sabbath, and commandedst</del> <ins>Sabbath, And commanded</ins> them precepts, <del>statutes,</del> <ins>statutes</ins> and laws, <del>by</del> <ins>By</ins> the hand of Moses <del>thy servant:</del> <ins>Your servant.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 9:15]</b> <del>And gavest</del> <ins>You gave</ins> them bread from heaven for their hunger, <del>and broughtest forth water for</del> <ins>And brought</ins> them <ins>water</ins> out of the rock for their thirst, <del>and promisedst</del> <ins>And told</ins> them <del>that they should</del> <ins>to</ins> go in to possess the land <del>which thou hadst</del> <ins>Which You had</ins> sworn to give them.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 9:16]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>"But</ins> they and our fathers <del>dealt</del> <ins>acted</ins> proudly, <del>and hardened</del> <ins>Hardened</ins> their necks, <del>and hearkened</del> <ins>And did</ins> not <del>to thy commandments,</del> <ins>heed Your commandments.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 9:17]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>They</ins> refused to obey, <del>neither</del> <ins>And they</ins> were <ins>not</ins> mindful of <del>thy</del> <ins>Your</ins> wonders <del>that thou didst</del> <ins>That You did</ins> among <del>them; but</del> <ins>them. But they</ins> hardened their necks, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> in their rebellion <ins>They</ins> appointed a <del>captain to</del> <ins>leader To</ins> return to their <del>bondage: but thou art a God ready</del> <ins>bondage. But You are God, Ready</ins> to pardon, <del>gracious</del> <ins>Gracious</ins> and merciful, <del>slow</del> <ins>Slow</ins> to anger, <del>and of great</del> <ins>Abundant in</ins> kindness, <del>and forsookest them not.</del> <ins>And did not forsake them.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 9:18]</b> <del>Yea,</del> <ins>"Even</ins> when they <del>had</del> made <del>them</del> a <del>molten calf, and</del> <ins>molded calf for themselves, And</ins> said, <del>This</del> <ins>"This</ins> is <del>thy God that</del> <ins>your god That</ins> brought <del>thee</del> <ins>you</ins> up out of <del>Egypt, and had wrought</del> <ins>Egypt,' And worked</ins> great <del>provocations;</del> <ins>provocations,</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 9:19]</b> Yet <del>thou</del> in <del>thy</del> <ins>Your</ins> manifold mercies <del>forsookest them</del> <ins>You did</ins> not <ins>forsake them</ins> in the <del>wilderness: the</del> <ins>wilderness. The</ins> pillar of the cloud <del>departed</del> <ins>did</ins> not <ins>depart</ins> from them by day, <del>to</del> <ins>To</ins> lead them <del>in</del> <ins>on</ins> the <del>way; neither</del> <ins>road; Nor</ins> the pillar of fire by night, <del>to shew</del> <ins>To show</ins> them light, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> the way <del>wherein</del> they should go.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 9:20]</b> <del>Thou gavest</del> <ins>You</ins> also <del>thy</del> <ins>gave Your</ins> good <del>spirit</del> <ins>Spirit</ins> to instruct them, <del>and withheldest</del> <ins>And did</ins> not <del>thy</del> <ins>withhold Your</ins> manna from their mouth, <del>and gavest</del> <ins>And gave</ins> them water for their thirst.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 9:21]</b> <del>Yea, forty</del> <ins>Forty</ins> years <del>didst thou sustain</del> <ins>You sustained</ins> them in the <del>wilderness, so that they</del> <ins>wilderness; They</ins> lacked nothing; <del>their</del> <ins>Their</ins> clothes <del>waxed</del> <ins>did</ins> not <del>old, and</del> <ins>wear out And</ins> their feet <del>swelled not.</del> <ins>did not swell.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 9:22]</b> <del>Moreover thou gavest</del> <ins>"Moreover You gave</ins> them kingdoms and nations, <del>and didst divide</del> <ins>And divided</ins> them into <del>corners: so</del> <ins>districts. So</ins> they <del>possessed</del> <ins>took possession of</ins> the land of Sihon, <del>and the</del> <ins>The</ins> land of the king of Heshbon, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> the land of Og king of Bashan.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 9:23]</b> <del>Their children</del> <ins>You</ins> also <del>multipliedst thou</del> <ins>multiplied their children</ins> as the stars of heaven, <del>and broughtest</del> <ins>And brought</ins> them into the <del>land, concerning which thou hadst promised to</del> <ins>land Which You had told</ins> their <del>fathers, that they should</del> <ins>fathers To</ins> go in <del>to possess it.</del> <ins>and possess.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 9:24]</b> So the <del>children</del> <ins>people</ins> went in <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> possessed the <del>land, and thou subduedst</del> <ins>land; You subdued</ins> before them the inhabitants of the land, <del>the</del> <ins>The</ins> Canaanites, <del>and gavest</del> <ins>And gave</ins> them into their hands, <del>with</del> <ins>With</ins> their <del>kings, and</del> <ins>kings And</ins> the people of the land, <del>that</del> <ins>That</ins> they might do with them as they <del>would.</del> <ins>wished.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 9:25]</b> And they took strong <del>cities,</del> <ins>cities</ins> and a <del>fat</del> <ins>rich</ins> land, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> possessed houses full of all goods, <del>wells digged,</del> <ins>Cisterns already dug,</ins> vineyards, <del>and oliveyards, and</del> <ins>olive groves, And</ins> fruit trees in <del>abundance: so</del> <ins>abundance. So</ins> they <del>did eat,</del> <ins>ate</ins> and were <del>filled,</del> <ins>filled</ins> and <del>became</del> <ins>grew</ins> fat, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> delighted themselves in <del>thy</del> <ins>Your</ins> great goodness.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 9:26]</b> <del>Nevertheless</del> <ins>"Nevertheless</ins> they were <del>disobedient, and</del> <ins>disobedient And</ins> rebelled against <del>thee, and cast thy</del> <ins>You, Cast Your</ins> law behind their <del>backs, and slew thy prophets which</del> <ins>backs And killed Your prophets, who</ins> testified against them <del>to</del> <ins>To</ins> turn them to <del>thee, and</del> <ins>Yourself; And</ins> they <del>wrought</del> <ins>worked</ins> great provocations.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 9:27]</b> Therefore <del>thou deliveredst</del> <ins>You delivered</ins> them into the hand of their enemies, <del>who vexed them: and</del> <ins>Who oppressed them; And</ins> in the time of their trouble, <del>when</del> <ins>When</ins> they cried <del>unto thee, thou heardest them</del> <ins>to You, You heard</ins> from heaven; <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> according to <del>thy manifold</del> <ins>Your abundant</ins> mercies <del>thou gavest</del> <ins>You gave</ins> them <del>saviours,</del> <ins>deliverers</ins> who saved them <del>out of</del> <ins>From</ins> the hand of their enemies.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 9:28]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>"But</ins> after they had rest, <del>they</del> <ins>They again</ins> did evil <del>again</del> before <del>thee: therefore leftest thou</del> <ins>You. Therefore You left</ins> them in the <del>land</del> <ins>hand</ins> of their enemies, <del>so</del> <ins>So</ins> that they had <del>the</del> dominion over <del>them: yet</del> <ins>them; Yet</ins> when they <del>returned,</del> <ins>returned</ins> and cried <del>unto thee, thou heardest them</del> <ins>out to You, You heard</ins> from heaven; <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> many times <del>didst thou deliver</del> <ins>You delivered</ins> them according to <del>thy mercies;</del> <ins>Your mercies,</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 9:29]</b> And <del>testifiedst</del> <ins>testified</ins> against them, <del>that thou mightest</del> <ins>That You might</ins> bring them <del>again unto thy law: yet</del> <ins>back to Your law. Yet</ins> they <del>dealt</del> <ins>acted</ins> proudly, <del>and hearkened</del> <ins>And did</ins> not <del>unto thy</del> <ins>heed Your</ins> commandments, <del>but</del> <ins>But</ins> sinned against <del>thy</del> <ins>Your</ins> judgments, <del>(which</del> <ins>"Which</ins> if a man <del>do,</del> <ins>does,</ins> he shall live <del>in them;) and withdrew the shoulder, and hardened</del> <ins>by them.' And they shrugged</ins> their <del>neck, and</del> <ins>shoulders, Stiffened their necks, And</ins> would not hear.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 9:30]</b> Yet <ins>for</ins> many years <del>didst thou forbear</del> <ins>You had patience with</ins> them, <del>and testifiedst</del> <ins>And testified</ins> against them by <del>thy spirit</del> <ins>Your Spirit</ins> in <del>thy prophets: yet would</del> <ins>Your prophets. Yet</ins> they <ins>would</ins> not <del>give ear: therefore gavest thou</del> <ins>listen; Therefore You gave</ins> them into the hand of the <del>people</del> <ins>peoples</ins> of the lands.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 9:31]</b> Nevertheless <del>for thy</del> <ins>in Your</ins> great <del>mercies' sake thou didst</del> <ins>mercy You did</ins> not utterly consume <del>them,</del> <ins>them</ins> nor forsake them; <del>for thou art a</del> <ins>For You are God,</ins> gracious and <del>merciful God.</del> <ins>merciful.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 9:32]</b> <del>Now</del> <ins>"Now</ins> therefore, our God, <del>the</del> <ins>The</ins> great, the mighty, and <del>the terrible</del> <ins>awesome</ins> God, <del>who keepest</del> <ins>Who keeps</ins> covenant and <del>mercy, let</del> <ins>mercy: Do</ins> not <ins>let</ins> all the trouble seem <del>little</del> <ins>small</ins> before <del>thee, that hath</del> <ins>You That has</ins> come upon us, <del>on our kings, on</del> <ins>Our kings and</ins> our princes, <ins>Our priests</ins> and <del>on our priests, and on</del> our prophets, <del>and on our fathers,</del> <ins>Our fathers</ins> and on all <del>thy</del> <ins>Your</ins> people, <del>since</del> <ins>From</ins> the <del>time</del> <ins>days</ins> of the kings of Assyria <del>unto</del> <ins>until</ins> this day.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 9:33]</b> <del>Howbeit thou art</del> <ins>However You are</ins> just in all that <del>is brought upon</del> <ins>has befallen</ins> us; <del>for thou hast done right, but</del> <ins>For You have dealt faithfully, But</ins> we have done <del>wickedly:</del> <ins>wickedly.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 9:34]</b> Neither <del>have</del> our <del>kings,</del> <ins>kings nor</ins> our princes, <del>our priests,</del> <ins>Our priests</ins> nor our fathers, <ins>Have</ins> kept <del>thy</del> <ins>Your</ins> law, <del>nor hearkened unto thy</del> <ins>Nor heeded Your</ins> commandments and <del>thy</del> <ins>Your</ins> testimonies, <del>wherewith thou didst testify</del> <ins>With which You testified</ins> against them.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 9:35]</b> For they have not served <del>thee</del> <ins>You</ins> in their kingdom, <del>and</del> <ins>Or</ins> in <del>thy great goodness</del> <ins>the many good things</ins> that <del>thou gavest</del> <ins>You gave</ins> them, <del>and</del> <ins>Or</ins> in the large and <del>fat</del> <ins>rich</ins> land which <del>thou gavest</del> <ins>You set</ins> before <del>them, neither turned</del> <ins>them; Nor did</ins> they <ins>turn</ins> from their wicked works.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 9:36]</b> <del>Behold,</del> <ins>"Here</ins> we <del>are</del> <ins>are,</ins> servants <del>this day, and for</del> <ins>today! And</ins> the land that <del>thou gavest unto our fathers</del> <ins>You gave</ins> to <ins>our fathers, To</ins> eat <del>the</del> <ins>its</ins> fruit <del>thereof</del> and <del>the good thereof, behold,</del> <ins>its bounty, Here</ins> we <del>are</del> <ins>are,</ins> servants in <del>it:</del> <ins>it!</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 9:37]</b> And it <del>yieldeth</del> <ins>yields</ins> much increase <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the kings <del>whom thou hast</del> <ins>You have</ins> set over <del>us because</del> <ins>us, Because</ins> of our <del>sins: also</del> <ins>sins; Also</ins> they have dominion over our <del>bodies,</del> <ins>bodies</ins> and <del>over</del> our <del>cattle, at</del> <ins>cattle At</ins> their <del>pleasure, and</del> <ins>pleasure; And</ins> we are in great distress.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 9:38]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>"And</ins> because of all <del>this we</del> <ins>this, We</ins> make a sure <del>covenant,</del> <ins>covenant</ins> and write it; <del>and</del> <ins>Our leaders,</ins> our <del>princes,</del> Levites, and <del>priests,</del> <ins>our priests</ins> seal <del>unto it.</del> <ins>it."</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 10:1]</b> Now those <del>that sealed were, Nehemiah,</del> <ins>who placed their seal on</ins> the <del>Tirshatha,</del> <ins>document were: Nehemiah the governor,</ins> the son of <del>Hachaliah,</del> <ins>Hacaliah,</ins> and <del>Zidkijah,</del> <ins>Zedekiah,</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 10:3]</b> <del>Pashur,</del> <ins>Pashhur,</ins> Amariah, Malchijah,</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 10:8]</b> Maaziah, Bilgai, <del>Shemaiah: these</del> <ins>and Shemaiah. These</ins> were the priests.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 10:9]</b> <del>And the</del> <ins>The</ins> Levites: <del>both</del> Jeshua the son of Azaniah, Binnui of the sons of Henadad, <del>Kadmiel;</del> <ins>and Kadmiel.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 10:10]</b> <del>And their brethren,</del> <ins>Their brethren:</ins> Shebaniah, Hodijah, Kelita, Pelaiah, Hanan,</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 10:13]</b> Hodijah, Bani, <ins>and</ins> Beninu.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 10:14]</b> The <del>chief</del> <ins>leaders</ins> of the <del>people;</del> <ins>people:</ins> Parosh, <del>Pahathmoab,</del> <ins>Pahath-Moab,</ins> Elam, <del>Zatthu,</del> <ins>Zattu,</ins> Bani,</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 10:17]</b> Ater, <del>Hizkijah,</del> <ins>Hezekiah,</ins> Azzur,</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 10:21]</b> <del>Meshezabeel,</del> <ins>Meshezabel,</ins> Zadok, Jaddua,</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 10:23]</b> Hoshea, Hananiah, <del>Hashub,</del> <ins>Hasshub,</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 10:24]</b> Hallohesh, <del>Pileha,</del> <ins>Pilha,</ins> Shobek,</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 10:26]</b> <del>And</del> Ahijah, Hanan, Anan,</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 10:27]</b> Malluch, Harim, <ins>and</ins> Baanah.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 10:28]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Now</ins> the rest of the <del>people, the</del> <ins>people--the</ins> priests, the Levites, the <del>porters,</del> <ins>gatekeepers,</ins> the singers, the <del>Nethinims,</del> <ins>Nethinim,</ins> and all <del>they that</del> <ins>those who</ins> had separated themselves from the <del>people</del> <ins>peoples</ins> of the lands <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>law</del> <ins>Law</ins> of God, their wives, their sons, and their daughters, <del>every one having knowledge,</del> <ins>everyone who had knowledge</ins> and <del>having understanding;</del> <ins>understanding--</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 10:29]</b> <del>They clave to</del> <ins>these joined with</ins> their brethren, their nobles, and entered into a <del>curse,</del> <ins>curse</ins> and <del>into</del> an <del>oath,</del> <ins>oath</ins> to walk in God's <del>law,</del> <ins>Law,</ins> which was given by Moses the servant of God, and to observe and do all the commandments of the LORD our Lord, and <del>his judgments</del> <ins>His ordinances</ins> and <del>his statutes;</del> <ins>His statutes:</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 10:30]</b> <del>And that we</del> <ins>We</ins> would not give our daughters <del>unto</del> <ins>as wives to</ins> the <del>people</del> <ins>peoples</ins> of the land, <del>not</del> <ins>nor</ins> take their daughters for our <del>sons:</del> <ins>sons;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 10:31]</b> <del>And</del> if the <del>people</del> <ins>peoples</ins> of the land <del>bring ware</del> <ins>brought wares</ins> or any <del>victuals</del> <ins>grain to sell</ins> on the <del>sabbath day to sell, that</del> <ins>Sabbath day,</ins> we would not buy it <del>of</del> <ins>from</ins> them on the <del>sabbath,</del> <ins>Sabbath,</ins> or on <del>the</del> <ins>a</ins> holy <del>day:</del> <ins>day;</ins> and <del>that</del> we would <del>leave</del> <ins>forego</ins> the seventh <del>year,</del> <ins>year's produce</ins> and the <del>exaction</del> <ins>exacting</ins> of every debt.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 10:32]</b> Also we made ordinances for <del>us,</del> <ins>ourselves,</ins> to <del>charge</del> <ins>exact from</ins> ourselves yearly <del>with the third part</del> <ins>one-third</ins> of a shekel for the service of the house of our <del>God;</del> <ins>God:</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 10:33]</b> <del>For the shewbread, and</del> for the <del>continual meat offering, and</del> <ins>showbread,</ins> for the <del>continual burnt</del> <ins>regular grain</ins> offering, <del>of the sabbaths, of the new moons,</del> for the <del>set feasts,</del> <ins>regular burnt offering of the Sabbaths, the New Moons,</ins> and <ins>the set feasts;</ins> for the holy things, <del>and</del> for the sin offerings to make <del>an</del> atonement for Israel, and <del>for</del> all the work of the house of our God.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 10:34]</b> <del>And we</del> <ins>We</ins> cast <del>the</del> lots among the priests, the Levites, and the people, for <ins>bringing</ins> the wood <del>offering, to bring it</del> <ins>offering</ins> into the house of our God, <del>after the houses of</del> <ins>according to</ins> our <del>fathers,</del> <ins>fathers' houses,</ins> at <del>times</del> <ins>the</ins> appointed <ins>times</ins> year by year, to burn <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> the altar of the LORD our <del>God,</del> <ins>God</ins> as it is written in the <del>law:</del> <ins>Law.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 10:35]</b> And <ins>we made ordinances</ins> to bring the firstfruits of our <del>ground,</del> <ins>ground</ins> and the firstfruits of all fruit of all trees, year by year, <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the house of the <del>LORD:</del> <ins>LORD;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 10:36]</b> <del>Also</del> <ins>to bring</ins> the firstborn of our <del>sons,</del> <ins>sons</ins> and <del>of</del> our cattle, as it is written in the <del>law,</del> <ins>Law,</ins> and the <del>firstlings</del> <ins>firstborn</ins> of our herds and <del>of</del> our flocks, <del>to bring</del> to the house of our God, <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the priests <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> minister in the house of our <del>God:</del> <ins>God;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 10:37]</b> <del>And that we should</del> <ins>to</ins> bring the firstfruits of our dough, <del>and</del> our offerings, <del>and</del> the fruit <del>of</del> <ins>from</ins> all <del>manner</del> <ins>kinds</ins> of trees, <del>of</del> <ins>the new</ins> wine and <del>of</del> oil, <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the priests, to the <del>chambers</del> <ins>storerooms</ins> of the house of our God; and <ins>to bring</ins> the tithes of our <del>ground unto</del> <ins>land to</ins> the Levites, <del>that</del> <ins>for</ins> the <del>same</del> Levites <del>might have</del> <ins>should receive</ins> the tithes in all <del>the cities of</del> our <del>tillage.</del> <ins>farming communities.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 10:38]</b> And the <del>priest</del> <ins>priest,</ins> the <del>son</del> <ins>descendant</ins> of <del>Aaron</del> <ins>Aaron,</ins> shall be with the <del>Levites,</del> <ins>Levites</ins> when the Levites <del>take tithes:</del> <ins>receive tithes;</ins> and the Levites shall bring up <del>the tithe</del> <ins>a tenth</ins> of the tithes <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the house of our God, to the <del>chambers, into</del> <ins>rooms of</ins> the <del>treasure house.</del> <ins>storehouse.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 10:39]</b> For the children of Israel and the children of Levi shall bring the offering of the <del>corn,</del> <ins>grain,</ins> of the new <del>wine,</del> <ins>wine</ins> and the oil, <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>chambers,</del> <ins>storerooms</ins> where <del>are</del> the <del>vessels</del> <ins>articles</ins> of the <del>sanctuary, and</del> <ins>sanctuary are, where</ins> the priests <del>that minister,</del> <ins>who minister</ins> and the <del>porters,</del> <ins>gatekeepers</ins> and the <del>singers:</del> <ins>singers are;</ins> and we will not <del>forsake</del> <ins>neglect</ins> the house of our God.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 11:1]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Now</ins> the <del>rulers</del> <ins>leaders</ins> of the people dwelt at <del>Jerusalem:</del> <ins>Jerusalem;</ins> the rest of the people <del>also</del> cast <del>lots,</del> <ins>lots</ins> to bring one <ins>out</ins> of ten to dwell in <del>Jerusalem</del> <ins>Jerusalem,</ins> the holy city, and <del>nine parts</del> <ins>nine-tenths were</ins> to dwell in other cities.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 11:2]</b> And the people blessed all the <del>men, that</del> <ins>men who</ins> willingly offered themselves to dwell at Jerusalem.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 11:3]</b> <del>Now these</del> <ins>These</ins> are the <del>chief</del> <ins>heads</ins> of the province <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> dwelt in <del>Jerusalem: but</del> <ins>Jerusalem. (But</ins> in the cities of Judah <ins>everyone</ins> dwelt <del>every one</del> in his <ins>own</ins> possession in their <del>cities, to wit, Israel, the</del> <ins>cities--Israelites,</ins> priests, <del>and the</del> Levites, <ins>Nethinim,</ins> and <del>the Nethinims, and the children</del> <ins>descendants</ins> of Solomon's <del>servants.</del> <ins>servants.)</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 11:4]</b> <del>And at</del> <ins>Also in</ins> Jerusalem dwelt <del>certain</del> <ins>some</ins> of the children of <del>Judah,</del> <ins>Judah</ins> and of the children of Benjamin. <del>Of the</del> <ins>The</ins> children of <del>Judah;</del> <ins>Judah:</ins> Athaiah the son of Uzziah, the son of Zechariah, the son of Amariah, the son of Shephatiah, the son of <del>Mahalaleel,</del> <ins>Mahalalel,</ins> of the children of Perez;</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 11:5]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> Maaseiah the son of Baruch, the son of <del>Colhozeh,</del> <ins>Col-Hozeh,</ins> the son of Hazaiah, the son of Adaiah, the son of Joiarib, the son of Zechariah, the son of Shiloni.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 11:6]</b> All the sons of Perez <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> dwelt at Jerusalem were four hundred <del>threescore</del> and <del>eight</del> <ins>sixty-eight</ins> valiant men.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 11:7]</b> And these are the sons of <del>Benjamin;</del> <ins>Benjamin:</ins> Sallu the son of Meshullam, the son of Joed, the son of Pedaiah, the son of Kolaiah, the son of Maaseiah, the son of Ithiel, the son of <del>Jesaiah.</del> <ins>Jeshaiah;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 11:8]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> after him <del>Gabbai,</del> <ins>Gabbai and</ins> Sallai, nine hundred <del>twenty</del> and <del>eight.</del> <ins>twenty-eight.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 11:9]</b> <del>And</del> Joel the son of Zichri was their <del>overseer:</del> <ins>overseer,</ins> and Judah the son of Senuah was second over the city.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 11:10]</b> Of the priests: Jedaiah the son of Joiarib, <del>Jachin.</del> <ins>and Jachin;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 11:11]</b> Seraiah the son of Hilkiah, the son of Meshullam, the son of Zadok, the son of Meraioth, the son of Ahitub, was the <del>ruler</del> <ins>leader</ins> of the house of God.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 11:12]</b> <del>And their</del> <ins>Their</ins> brethren <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> did the work of the house were eight hundred <del>twenty</del> and <del>two:</del> <ins>twenty-two;</ins> and Adaiah the son of Jeroham, the son of Pelaliah, the son of Amzi, the son of Zechariah, the son of <del>Pashur,</del> <ins>Pashhur,</ins> the son of <del>Malchiah.</del> <ins>Malchijah,</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 11:13]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> his brethren, <del>chief</del> <ins>heads</ins> of the <del>fathers,</del> <ins>fathers' houses, were</ins> two hundred <del>forty</del> and <del>two:</del> <ins>forty-two;</ins> and Amashai the son of <del>Azareel,</del> <ins>Azarel,</ins> the son of <del>Ahasai,</del> <ins>Ahzai,</ins> the son of Meshillemoth, the son of Immer,</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 11:14]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> their brethren, mighty men of <del>valour, an</del> <ins>valor, were one</ins> hundred <del>twenty</del> and <del>eight: and their</del> <ins>twenty-eight. Their</ins> overseer was <del>Zabdiel,</del> <ins>Zabdiel</ins> the son of one of the great men.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 11:15]</b> Also of the Levites: Shemaiah the son of <del>Hashub,</del> <ins>Hasshub,</ins> the son of Azrikam, the son of Hashabiah, the son of Bunni;</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 11:16]</b> <del>And</del> Shabbethai and Jozabad, of the <del>chief</del> <ins>heads</ins> of the Levites, had the oversight of the <del>outward</del> business <ins>outside</ins> of the house of <del>God.</del> <ins>God;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 11:17]</b> <del>And</del> Mattaniah the son of Micha, the son of Zabdi, the son of Asaph, <del>was</del> the <del>principal to begin</del> <ins>leader who began</ins> the thanksgiving <del>in prayer: and Bakbukiah</del> <ins>with prayer; Bakbukiah,</ins> the second among his <del>brethren,</del> <ins>brethren;</ins> and Abda the son of Shammua, the son of Galal, the son of Jeduthun.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 11:18]</b> All the Levites in the holy city were two hundred <del>fourscore</del> and <del>four.</del> <ins>eighty-four.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 11:19]</b> Moreover the <del>porters,</del> <ins>gatekeepers,</ins> Akkub, Talmon, and their brethren <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> kept the gates, were <del>an</del> <ins>one</ins> hundred <del>seventy</del> and <del>two.</del> <ins>seventy-two.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 11:20]</b> And the <del>residue</del> <ins>rest</ins> of Israel, of the <del>priests,</del> <ins>priests</ins> and <del>the</del> Levites, were in all the cities of Judah, <del>every one</del> <ins>everyone</ins> in his inheritance.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 11:21]</b> But the <del>Nethinims</del> <ins>Nethinim</ins> dwelt in <del>Ophel: and</del> <ins>Ophel. And</ins> Ziha and <del>Gispa</del> <ins>Gishpa</ins> were over the <del>Nethinims.</del> <ins>Nethinim.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 11:22]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>Also the</ins> overseer <del>also</del> of the Levites at Jerusalem was Uzzi the son of Bani, the son of Hashabiah, the son of Mattaniah, the son of <del>Micha. Of</del> <ins>Micha, of</ins> the sons of Asaph, the singers <del>were over</del> <ins>in charge of</ins> the <del>business</del> <ins>service</ins> of the house of God.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 11:23]</b> For it was the king's <del>commandment</del> <ins>command</ins> concerning <del>them,</del> <ins>them</ins> that a certain portion should be for the singers, <del>due for every</del> <ins>a quota day by</ins> day.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 11:24]</b> <del>And</del> Pethahiah the son of <del>Meshezabeel,</del> <ins>Meshezabel,</ins> of the children of Zerah the son of Judah, was <del>at</del> the king's <del>hand</del> <ins>deputy</ins> in all matters concerning the people.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 11:25]</b> And <ins>as</ins> for the <del>villages,</del> <ins>villages</ins> with their fields, some of the children of Judah dwelt <del>at Kirjatharba, and</del> in <del>the villages thereof,</del> <ins>Kirjath Arba</ins> and <del>at Dibon,</del> <ins>its villages, Dibon</ins> and <del>in the villages thereof,</del> <ins>its villages, Jekabzeel</ins> and <del>at Jekabzeel, and in the villages thereof,</del> <ins>its villages;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 11:26]</b> <del>And at</del> <ins>in</ins> Jeshua, <del>and at</del> Moladah, <del>and at Bethphelet,</del> <ins>Beth Pelet,</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 11:27]</b> <del>And at Hazarshual,</del> <ins>Hazar Shual,</ins> and <del>at Beersheba,</del> <ins>Beersheba</ins> and <del>in the villages thereof,</del> <ins>its villages;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 11:28]</b> <del>And at Ziklag, and at Mekonah, and</del> in <del>the villages thereof,</del> <ins>Ziklag and Meconah and its villages;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 11:29]</b> <del>And at Enrimmon, and at Zareah, and at</del> <ins>in En Rimmon, Zorah,</ins> Jarmuth,</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 11:30]</b> Zanoah, Adullam, and <del>in</del> their <del>villages, at Lachish, and the fields thereof, at Azekah, and</del> <ins>villages;</ins> in <del>the villages thereof. And they</del> <ins>Lachish and its fields; in Azekah and its villages. They</ins> dwelt from Beersheba <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>valley</del> <ins>Valley</ins> of Hinnom.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 11:31]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>Also the</ins> children <del>also</del> of Benjamin from Geba dwelt <del>at</del> <ins>in</ins> Michmash, <del>and</del> Aija, and Bethel, and <del>in</del> their <del>villages.</del> <ins>villages;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 11:32]</b> <del>And at</del> <ins>in</ins> Anathoth, Nob, <del>Ananiah,</del> <ins>Ananiah;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 11:33]</b> <ins>in</ins> Hazor, Ramah, <del>Gittaim,</del> <ins>Gittaim;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 11:34]</b> <ins>in</ins> Hadid, Zeboim, <del>Neballat,</del> <ins>Neballat;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 11:35]</b> <ins>in</ins> Lod, <del>and</del> Ono, <ins>and</ins> the <del>valley</del> <ins>Valley</ins> of <del>craftsmen.</del> <ins>Craftsmen.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 11:36]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Some</ins> of the <ins>Judean divisions of</ins> Levites were <del>divisions in Judah, and</del> in Benjamin.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:1]</b> Now these are the priests and the Levites <del>that went</del> <ins>who came</ins> up with Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and Jeshua: Seraiah, Jeremiah, Ezra,</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:4]</b> Iddo, <del>Ginnetho,</del> <ins>Ginnethoi,</ins> Abijah,</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:5]</b> <del>Miamin,</del> <ins>Mijamin,</ins> Maadiah, Bilgah,</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:6]</b> Shemaiah, <del>and</del> Joiarib, Jedaiah,</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:7]</b> Sallu, Amok, Hilkiah, <ins>and</ins> Jedaiah. These were the <del>chief</del> <ins>heads</ins> of the priests and <del>of</del> their brethren in the days of Jeshua.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:8]</b> Moreover the <del>Levites:</del> <ins>Levites were</ins> Jeshua, Binnui, Kadmiel, Sherebiah, Judah, and <del>Mattaniah, which was over</del> <ins>Mattaniah who led</ins> the <del>thanksgiving,</del> <ins>thanksgiving psalms,</ins> he and his brethren.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:9]</b> Also Bakbukiah and Unni, their brethren, <del>were over against</del> <ins>stood across from</ins> them in <del>the watches.</del> <ins>their duties.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:10]</b> <del>And</del> Jeshua <del>begat</del> <ins>begot</ins> Joiakim, Joiakim <del>also begat</del> <ins>begot</ins> Eliashib, <del>and</del> Eliashib <del>begat</del> <ins>begot</ins> Joiada,</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:11]</b> <del>And</del> Joiada <del>begat</del> <ins>begot</ins> Jonathan, and Jonathan <del>begat</del> <ins>begot</ins> Jaddua.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:12]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Now</ins> in the days of <del>Joiakim were</del> <ins>Joiakim, the</ins> priests, the <del>chief</del> <ins>heads</ins> of the <del>fathers:</del> <ins>fathers' houses were:</ins> of Seraiah, Meraiah; of Jeremiah, Hananiah;</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:13]</b> <del>Of</del> <ins>of</ins> Ezra, Meshullam; of Amariah, Jehohanan;</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:14]</b> <del>Of Melicu,</del> <ins>of Melichu,</ins> Jonathan; of Shebaniah, Joseph;</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:15]</b> <del>Of</del> <ins>of</ins> Harim, Adna; of Meraioth, Helkai;</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:16]</b> <del>Of</del> <ins>of</ins> Iddo, Zechariah; of Ginnethon, Meshullam;</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:17]</b> <del>Of</del> <ins>of</ins> Abijah, Zichri; <ins>the son</ins> of <del>Miniamin,</del> <ins>Minjamin;</ins> of Moadiah, <del>Piltai:</del> <ins>Piltai;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:18]</b> <del>Of</del> <ins>of</ins> Bilgah, Shammua; of Shemaiah, Jehonathan;</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:19]</b> <del>And</del> of Joiarib, Mattenai; of Jedaiah, Uzzi;</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:20]</b> <del>Of</del> <ins>of</ins> Sallai, Kallai; of Amok, Eber;</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:21]</b> <del>Of</del> <ins>of</ins> Hilkiah, Hashabiah; <ins>and</ins> of Jedaiah, <del>Nethaneel.</del> <ins>Nethanel.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:22]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>During the reign of Darius the Persian, a record was also kept of the</ins> Levites <ins>and priests who had been heads of their fathers' houses</ins> in the days of Eliashib, Joiada, <del>and</del> Johanan, and <del>Jaddua, were recorded chief of the fathers: also the priests, to the reign of Darius the Persian.</del> <ins>Jaddua.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:23]</b> The sons of Levi, the <del>chief</del> <ins>heads</ins> of the <del>fathers, were written in the book of the chronicles, even</del> <ins>fathers' houses</ins> until the days of Johanan the son of <del>Eliashib.</del> <ins>Eliashib, were written in the book of the chronicles.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:24]</b> And the <del>chief</del> <ins>heads</ins> of the <del>Levites:</del> <ins>Levites were</ins> Hashabiah, Sherebiah, and Jeshua the son of Kadmiel, with their <del>brethren over against</del> <ins>brothers across from</ins> them, to praise and <del>to</del> give thanks, <ins>group alternating with group,</ins> according to the <del>commandment</del> <ins>command</ins> of David the man of <del>God, ward over against ward.</del> <ins>God.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:25]</b> Mattaniah, <del>and</del> Bakbukiah, Obadiah, Meshullam, Talmon, <del>Akkub,</del> <ins>and Akkub</ins> were <del>porters</del> <ins>gatekeepers</ins> keeping the <del>ward</del> <ins>watch</ins> at the <del>thresholds</del> <ins>storerooms</ins> of the gates.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:26]</b> These <del>were</del> <ins>lived</ins> in the days of Joiakim the son of Jeshua, the son of Jozadak, and in the days of Nehemiah the governor, and of Ezra the priest, the scribe.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:27]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Now</ins> at the dedication of the wall of Jerusalem they sought <ins>out</ins> the Levites <del>out of</del> <ins>in</ins> all their places, to bring them to <del>Jerusalem,</del> <ins>Jerusalem</ins> to <del>keep</del> <ins>celebrate</ins> the dedication with gladness, both with <del>thanksgivings,</del> <ins>thanksgivings</ins> and <del>with</del> singing, with <del>cymbals, psalteries,</del> <ins>cymbals</ins> and <del>with</del> <ins>stringed instruments and</ins> harps.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:28]</b> And the sons of the singers gathered <del>themselves together, both out of</del> <ins>together from</ins> the <del>plain country round about</del> <ins>countryside around</ins> Jerusalem, <del>and</del> from the villages of <del>Netophathi;</del> <ins>the Netophathites,</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:29]</b> <del>Also</del> from the house of Gilgal, and <del>out of</del> <ins>from</ins> the fields of Geba and <del>Azmaveth:</del> <ins>Azmaveth;</ins> for the singers had <del>builded them</del> <ins>built themselves</ins> villages <del>round about</del> <ins>all around</ins> Jerusalem.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:30]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> the priests and <del>the</del> Levites purified themselves, and purified the people, <del>and</del> the gates, and the wall.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:31]</b> <del>Then</del> <ins>So</ins> I brought <del>up</del> the <del>princes</del> <ins>leaders</ins> of Judah <del>upon</del> <ins>up on</ins> the wall, and appointed two <del>great companies of them that gave thanks, whereof one</del> <ins>large thanksgiving choirs. One</ins> went <del>on</del> <ins>to</ins> the right hand <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> the wall toward the <del>dung gate:</del> <ins>Refuse Gate.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:32]</b> <del>And after</del> <ins>After</ins> them went <del>Hoshaiah,</del> <ins>Hoshaiah</ins> and half of the <del>princes</del> <ins>leaders</ins> of Judah,</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:33]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> Azariah, Ezra, <del>and</del> Meshullam,</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:34]</b> Judah, <del>and</del> Benjamin, <del>and</del> Shemaiah, <del>and</del> Jeremiah,</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:35]</b> <del>And certain</del> <ins>and some</ins> of the priests' sons with <del>trumpets; namely, Zechariah</del> <ins>trumpets--Zechariah</ins> the son of Jonathan, the son of Shemaiah, the son of Mattaniah, the son of Michaiah, the son of Zaccur, the son of <del>Asaph:</del> <ins>Asaph,</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:36]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> his brethren, Shemaiah, <del>and Azarael,</del> <ins>Azarel,</ins> Milalai, Gilalai, Maai, <del>Nethaneel, and</del> <ins>Nethanel,</ins> Judah, <ins>and</ins> Hanani, with the musical instruments of David the man of <del>God, and</del> <ins>God. And</ins> Ezra the scribe <ins>went</ins> before them.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:37]</b> <del>And at</del> <ins>By</ins> the <del>fountain gate, which was over against</del> <ins>Fountain Gate, in front of</ins> them, they went up <del>by</del> the stairs of the <del>city</del> <ins>City</ins> of David, <del>at</del> <ins>on</ins> the <del>going up</del> <ins>stairway</ins> of the wall, <del>above</del> <ins>beyond</ins> the house of David, <del>even unto</del> <ins>as far as</ins> the <del>water gate</del> <ins>Water Gate</ins> eastward.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:38]</b> <del>And the</del> <ins>The</ins> other <del>company of them that gave thanks</del> <ins>thanksgiving choir</ins> went <del>over against them,</del> <ins>the opposite way,</ins> and I <del>after them, and the</del> <ins>was behind them with</ins> half of the people <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> the wall, <del>from beyond</del> <ins>going past</ins> the <del>tower</del> <ins>Tower</ins> of the <del>furnaces even unto</del> <ins>Ovens as far as</ins> the <del>broad wall;</del> <ins>Broad Wall,</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:39]</b> <del>And from above the gate of Ephraim,</del> and above the <del>old gate, and</del> <ins>Gate of Ephraim,</ins> above the <del>fish gate, and</del> <ins>Old Gate, above</ins> the <del>tower of Hananeel, and</del> <ins>Fish Gate,</ins> the <del>tower</del> <ins>Tower</ins> of <del>Meah, even unto</del> <ins>Hananel,</ins> the <del>sheep gate:</del> <ins>Tower of the Hundred, as far as the Sheep Gate;</ins> and they <del>stood still in</del> <ins>stopped by</ins> the <del>prison gate.</del> <ins>Gate of the Prison.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:40]</b> So <del>stood</del> the two <del>companies of them that gave thanks</del> <ins>thanksgiving choirs stood</ins> in the house of God, <del>and I,</del> <ins>likewise I</ins> and the half of the rulers with <del>me:</del> <ins>me;</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:41]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> the <del>priests;</del> <ins>priests,</ins> Eliakim, Maaseiah, <del>Miniamin,</del> <ins>Minjamin,</ins> Michaiah, Elioenai, Zechariah, and Hananiah, with trumpets;</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:42]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>also</ins> Maaseiah, <del>and</del> Shemaiah, <del>and</del> Eleazar, <del>and</del> Uzzi, <del>and</del> Jehohanan, <del>and</del> Malchijah, <del>and</del> Elam, and Ezer. <del>And the</del> <ins>The</ins> singers sang <del>loud,</del> <ins>loudly</ins> with Jezrahiah <del>their overseer.</del> <ins>the director.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:43]</b> Also that day they offered great sacrifices, and <del>rejoiced:</del> <ins>rejoiced,</ins> for God had made them rejoice with great <del>joy:</del> <ins>joy;</ins> the <del>wives also</del> <ins>women</ins> and the children <del>rejoiced:</del> <ins>also rejoiced,</ins> so that the joy of Jerusalem was heard <del>even</del> afar off.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:44]</b> And at <del>that</del> <ins>the same</ins> time <del>were</del> some <ins>were</ins> appointed over the <del>chambers for</del> <ins>rooms of</ins> the <del>treasures,</del> <ins>storehouse</ins> for the offerings, <del>for</del> the firstfruits, and <del>for</del> the tithes, to gather into them <del>out of</del> <ins>from</ins> the fields of the cities the portions <del>of</del> <ins>specified by</ins> the <del>law</del> <ins>Law</ins> for the priests and <del>Levites:</del> <ins>Levites;</ins> for Judah rejoiced <del>for</del> <ins>over</ins> the priests and <del>for the</del> Levites <del>that waited.</del> <ins>who ministered.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:45]</b> <del>And both</del> <ins>Both</ins> the singers and the <del>porters</del> <ins>gatekeepers</ins> kept the <del>ward</del> <ins>charge</ins> of their <del>God,</del> <ins>God</ins> and the <del>ward</del> <ins>charge</ins> of the purification, according to the <del>commandment</del> <ins>command</ins> of <del>David,</del> <ins>David</ins> and <del>of</del> Solomon his son.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:46]</b> For in the days of David and Asaph of old there were <del>chief</del> <ins>chiefs</ins> of the singers, and songs of praise and thanksgiving <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> God.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 12:47]</b> <del>And all Israel in</del> <ins>In</ins> the days of <del>Zerubbabel,</del> <ins>Zerubbabel</ins> and in the days of <del>Nehemiah,</del> <ins>Nehemiah all Israel</ins> gave the portions <del>of</del> <ins>for</ins> the singers and the <del>porters, every day his portion: and they sanctified</del> <ins>gatekeepers, a portion for each day. They also consecrated</ins> holy things <del>unto</del> <ins>for</ins> the <del>Levites;</del> <ins>Levites,</ins> and the Levites <del>sanctified</del> <ins>consecrated</ins> them <del>unto</del> <ins>for</ins> the children of Aaron.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 13:1]</b> On that day they read <del>in</del> <ins>from</ins> the <del>book</del> <ins>Book</ins> of Moses in the <del>audience</del> <ins>hearing</ins> of the <del>people;</del> <ins>people,</ins> and <del>therein</del> <ins>in it</ins> was found <del>written,</del> <ins>written</ins> that <del>the</del> <ins>no</ins> Ammonite <del>and the</del> <ins>or</ins> Moabite should <del>not</del> <ins>ever</ins> come into the <del>congregation</del> <ins>assembly</ins> of <del>God for ever;</del> <ins>God,</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 13:2]</b> <del>Because</del> <ins>because</ins> they <del>met</del> <ins>had</ins> not <ins>met</ins> the children of Israel with bread and <del>with</del> water, but hired Balaam against <del>them, that he should</del> <ins>them to</ins> curse <del>them: howbeit</del> <ins>them. However,</ins> our God turned the curse into a blessing.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 13:3]</b> <del>Now</del> <ins>So</ins> it <del>came to pass,</del> <ins>was,</ins> when they had heard the <del>law,</del> <ins>Law,</ins> that they separated <del>from Israel</del> all the mixed <del>multitude.</del> <ins>multitude from Israel.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 13:4]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Now</ins> before this, Eliashib the priest, having <ins>authority over</ins> the <del>oversight of the chamber</del> <ins>storerooms</ins> of the house of our God, was allied <del>unto Tobiah:</del> <ins>with Tobiah.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 13:5]</b> And he had prepared for him a <del>great chamber,</del> <ins>large room,</ins> where <del>aforetime</del> <ins>previously</ins> they <del>laid</del> <ins>had stored</ins> the <del>meat</del> <ins>grain</ins> offerings, the frankincense, <del>and</del> the <del>vessels, and</del> <ins>articles,</ins> the tithes of <del>the corn,</del> <ins>grain,</ins> the new <del>wine,</del> <ins>wine</ins> and <del>the</del> oil, which <del>was</del> <ins>were</ins> commanded to be given to the <del>Levites,</del> <ins>Levites</ins> and <del>the singers,</del> <ins>singers</ins> and <del>the porters;</del> <ins>gatekeepers,</ins> and the offerings <del>of</del> <ins>for</ins> the priests.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 13:6]</b> But <del>in</del> <ins>during</ins> all this <del>time</del> <ins>I</ins> was not <del>I at Jerusalem:</del> <ins>in Jerusalem,</ins> for in the <del>two and thirtieth</del> <ins>thirty-second</ins> year of Artaxerxes king of Babylon <del>came</del> I <del>unto</del> <ins>had returned to</ins> the <del>king, and</del> <ins>king. Then</ins> after certain days <del>obtained</del> I <ins>obtained</ins> leave <del>of</del> <ins>from</ins> the <del>king:</del> <ins>king,</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 13:7]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> I came to <del>Jerusalem,</del> <ins>Jerusalem</ins> and <del>understood of</del> <ins>discovered</ins> the evil that Eliashib <del>did</del> <ins>had done</ins> for Tobiah, in preparing <del>him</del> a <del>chamber</del> <ins>room for him</ins> in the courts of the house of God.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 13:8]</b> And it grieved me <del>sore:</del> <ins>bitterly;</ins> therefore I <del>cast forth</del> <ins>threw</ins> all the household <del>stuff to</del> <ins>goods of</ins> Tobiah out of the <del>chamber.</del> <ins>room.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 13:9]</b> Then I <del>commanded, and they cleansed</del> <ins>commanded them to cleanse</ins> the <del>chambers:</del> <ins>rooms;</ins> and <del>thither brought</del> I <del>again</del> <ins>brought back into them</ins> the <del>vessels</del> <ins>articles</ins> of the house of God, with the <del>meat</del> <ins>grain</ins> offering and the frankincense.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 13:10]</b> <del>And</del> I <del>perceived</del> <ins>also realized</ins> that the portions <del>of</del> <ins>for</ins> the Levites had not been given <del>them:</del> <ins>them;</ins> for <ins>each of</ins> the Levites and the <del>singers, that</del> <ins>singers who</ins> did the <del>work, were fled every one</del> <ins>work had gone back</ins> to his field.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 13:11]</b> <del>Then contended</del> <ins>So</ins> I <ins>contended</ins> with the rulers, and said, <del>Why</del> <ins>"Why</ins> is the house of God <del>forsaken?</del> <ins>forsaken?"</ins> And I gathered them <del>together,</del> <ins>together</ins> and set them in their place.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 13:12]</b> Then <del>brought</del> all Judah <ins>brought</ins> the tithe of the <del>corn</del> <ins>grain</ins> and the new wine and the oil <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>treasuries.</del> <ins>storehouse.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 13:13]</b> And I <del>made</del> <ins>appointed as</ins> treasurers over the <del>treasuries,</del> <ins>storehouse</ins> Shelemiah the <del>priest,</del> <ins>priest</ins> and Zadok the scribe, and of the Levites, <del>Pedaiah:</del> <ins>Pedaiah;</ins> and next to them was Hanan the son of Zaccur, the son of <del>Mattaniah:</del> <ins>Mattaniah;</ins> for they were <del>counted</del> <ins>considered</ins> faithful, and their <del>office</del> <ins>task</ins> was to distribute <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> their brethren.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 13:14]</b> Remember me, O my God, concerning this, and <del>wipe</del> <ins>do</ins> not <ins>wipe</ins> out my good deeds that I have done for the house of my God, and for <del>the offices thereof.</del> <ins>its services!</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 13:15]</b> In those days <del>saw</del> I <ins>saw people</ins> in Judah <del>some</del> treading wine presses on the <del>sabbath,</del> <ins>Sabbath,</ins> and bringing in sheaves, and <del>lading asses; as also</del> <ins>loading donkeys with</ins> wine, grapes, <del>and</del> figs, and all <del>manner</del> <ins>kinds</ins> of burdens, which they brought into Jerusalem on the <del>sabbath day: and</del> <ins>Sabbath day. And</ins> I <del>testified against</del> <ins>warned</ins> them <del>in</del> <ins>about</ins> the day <del>wherein</del> <ins>on which</ins> they <del>sold victuals.</del> <ins>were selling provisions.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 13:16]</b> <del>There dwelt men</del> <ins>Men</ins> of Tyre <del>also therein, which</del> <ins>dwelt there also, who</ins> brought <del>fish,</del> <ins>in fish</ins> and all <del>manner</del> <ins>kinds</ins> of <del>ware,</del> <ins>goods,</ins> and sold <ins>them</ins> on the <del>sabbath unto</del> <ins>Sabbath to</ins> the children of Judah, and in Jerusalem.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 13:17]</b> Then I contended with the nobles of Judah, and said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> them, <del>What</del> <ins>"What</ins> evil thing is this that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> do, <del>and</del> <ins>by which you</ins> profane the <del>sabbath</del> <ins>Sabbath</ins> day?</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 13:18]</b> Did not your fathers <ins>do</ins> thus, and did not our God bring all this <del>evil upon us,</del> <ins>disaster on us</ins> and <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> this city? <del>yet ye</del> <ins>Yet you</ins> bring <del>more</del> <ins>added</ins> wrath <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> Israel by profaning the <del>sabbath.</del> <ins>Sabbath."</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 13:19]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>So</ins> it <del>came to pass, that when</del> <ins>was, at</ins> the gates of <del>Jerusalem</del> <ins>Jerusalem, as it</ins> began to be dark before the <del>sabbath,</del> <ins>Sabbath, that</ins> I commanded <del>that</del> the gates <del>should</del> <ins>to</ins> be shut, and charged that they <del>should</del> <ins>must</ins> not be opened till after the <del>sabbath: and</del> <ins>Sabbath. Then I posted</ins> some of my servants <del>set I</del> at the gates, <ins>so</ins> that <del>there should</del> no <del>burden</del> <ins>burdens would</ins> be brought in on the <del>sabbath</del> <ins>Sabbath</ins> day.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 13:20]</b> <del>So</del> <ins>Now</ins> the merchants and sellers of all <del>kind</del> <ins>kinds</ins> of <del>ware</del> <ins>wares</ins> lodged <del>without</del> <ins>outside</ins> Jerusalem once or twice.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 13:21]</b> Then I <del>testified against</del> <ins>warned</ins> them, and said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> them, <del>Why lodge ye about</del> <ins>"Why do you spend the night around</ins> the wall? <del>if ye</del> <ins>If you</ins> do so again, I will lay hands on <del>you.</del> <ins>you!"</ins> From that time <del>forth came</del> <ins>on</ins> they <ins>came</ins> no more on the <del>sabbath.</del> <ins>Sabbath.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 13:22]</b> And I commanded the Levites that they should cleanse themselves, and that they should <del>come</del> <ins>go</ins> and <del>keep</del> <ins>guard</ins> the gates, to sanctify the <del>sabbath</del> <ins>Sabbath</ins> day. Remember me, O my God, concerning this also, and spare me according to the greatness of <del>thy mercy.</del> <ins>Your mercy!</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 13:23]</b> In those days <ins>I</ins> also saw <del>I</del> Jews <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> had married <del>wives</del> <ins>women</ins> of Ashdod, <del>of</del> Ammon, and <del>of Moab:</del> <ins>Moab.</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 13:24]</b> And <ins>half of</ins> their children <del>spake half in</del> <ins>spoke</ins> the <del>speech</del> <ins>language</ins> of Ashdod, and could not speak <del>in</del> the <del>Jews' language,</del> <ins>language of Judah,</ins> but <ins>spoke</ins> according to the language of <del>each</del> <ins>one or the other</ins> people.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 13:25]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>So</ins> I contended with <del>them,</del> <ins>them</ins> and cursed them, <del>and smote certain</del> <ins>struck some</ins> of <del>them,</del> <ins>them</ins> and <del>plucked off</del> <ins>pulled out</ins> their hair, and made them swear by God, saying, <del>Ye</del> <ins>"You</ins> shall not give your daughters <del>unto</del> <ins>as wives to</ins> their sons, nor take their daughters <del>unto your sons, or</del> for <ins>your sons or</ins> yourselves.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 13:26]</b> Did not Solomon king of Israel sin by these things? <del>yet</del> <ins>Yet</ins> among many nations <del>was</del> there <ins>was</ins> no king like him, who was beloved of his <del>God,</del> <ins>God;</ins> and God made him king over all <del>Israel: nevertheless</del> <ins>Israel. Nevertheless pagan women caused</ins> even him <del>did outlandish women cause</del> to sin.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 13:27]</b> <del>Shall</del> <ins>Should</ins> we then <del>hearken unto you to do</del> <ins>hear of your doing</ins> all this great evil, <del>to transgress</del> <ins>transgressing</ins> against our God <del>in</del> <ins>by</ins> marrying <del>strange wives?</del> <ins>pagan women?"</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 13:28]</b> And one of the sons of Joiada, the son of Eliashib the high priest, was <del>son in law to</del> <ins>a son-in-law of</ins> Sanballat the <del>Horonite:</del> <ins>Horonite;</ins> therefore I <del>chased</del> <ins>drove</ins> him from me.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 13:29]</b> Remember them, O my God, because they have defiled the <del>priesthood,</del> <ins>priesthood</ins> and the covenant of the <del>priesthood,</del> <ins>priesthood</ins> and <del>of</del> the Levites.</p><p><b>[Nehemiah 13:30]</b> Thus <del>cleansed</del> I <ins>cleansed</ins> them <del>from all strangers, and appointed the wards</del> of <ins>everything pagan. I also assigned duties to</ins> the priests and the Levites, <del>every one in</del> <ins>each to</ins> his <del>business;</del> <ins>service,</ins></p><p><b>[Nehemiah 13:31]</b> <del>And for</del> <ins>and to bringing</ins> the wood <del>offering, at times appointed,</del> <ins>offering</ins> and <del>for</del> the <del>firstfruits.</del> <ins>firstfruits at appointed times.</ins> Remember me, O my God, for <del>good.</del> <ins>good!</ins></p>