<p><b>[Obadiah 1:1]</b> The vision of Obadiah. Thus <del>saith</del> <ins>says</ins> the Lord GOD concerning <del>Edom; We</del> <ins>Edom (We</ins> have heard a <del>rumour</del> <ins>report</ins> from the LORD, <del>and an ambassador is</del> <ins>And a messenger has been</ins> sent among the <del>heathen, Arise ye,</del> <ins>nations, saying, "Arise,</ins> and let us rise up against her <del>in battle.</del> <ins>for battle"):</ins></p><p><b>[Obadiah 1:2]</b> <del>Behold,</del> <ins>"Behold,</ins> I <del>have made thee</del> <ins>will make you</ins> small among the <del>heathen: thou art</del> <ins>nations; You shall be</ins> greatly despised.</p><p><b>[Obadiah 1:3]</b> The pride of <del>thine</del> <ins>your</ins> heart <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> deceived <del>thee, thou that dwellest</del> <ins>you, You who dwell</ins> in the clefts of the rock, <del>whose</del> <ins>Whose</ins> habitation is high; <del>that saith</del> <ins>You who say</ins> in <del>his</del> <ins>your</ins> heart, <del>Who shall</del> <ins>"Who will</ins> bring me down to the <del>ground?</del> <ins>ground?'</ins></p><p><b>[Obadiah 1:4]</b> Though <del>thou exalt thyself</del> <ins>you ascend as high</ins> as the eagle, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> though <del>thou</del> <ins>you</ins> set <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> nest among the stars, <del>thence will</del> <ins>From there</ins> I <ins>will</ins> bring <del>thee down, saith</del> <ins>you down," says</ins> the LORD.</p><p><b>[Obadiah 1:5]</b> <del>If</del> <ins>"If</ins> thieves <del>came</del> <ins>had come</ins> to <del>thee, if</del> <ins>you, If</ins> robbers by <del>night, (how art thou</del> <ins>night--Oh, how you will be</ins> cut <del>off!) would</del> <ins>off!--Would</ins> they not have stolen till they had enough? <del>if the grapegatherers came</del> <ins>If grape-gatherers had come</ins> to <del>thee, would</del> <ins>you, Would</ins> they not <del>leave</del> <ins>have left</ins> some <del>grapes?</del> <ins>gleanings?</ins></p><p><b>[Obadiah 1:6]</b> <del>How are the things of</del> <ins>"Oh, how</ins> Esau <ins>shall be</ins> searched out! <del>how are</del> <ins>How</ins> his hidden <del>things</del> <ins>treasures shall be</ins> sought <del>up!</del> <ins>after!</ins></p><p><b>[Obadiah 1:7]</b> All the men <del>of thy</del> <ins>in your</ins> confederacy <del>have brought thee even</del> <ins>Shall force you</ins> to the <del>border: the</del> <ins>border; The</ins> men <del>that were</del> at peace with <del>thee have deceived thee,</del> <ins>you Shall deceive you</ins> and <del>prevailed</del> <ins>prevail</ins> against <del>thee; they that</del> <ins>you. Those who</ins> eat <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> bread <del>have laid</del> <ins>shall lay</ins> a <del>wound under thee: there</del> <ins>trap for you. No one</ins> is <del>none understanding in him.</del> <ins>aware of it.</ins></p><p><b>[Obadiah 1:8]</b> <del>Shall</del> <ins>"Will</ins> I not in that <del>day, saith</del> <ins>day," says</ins> the LORD, <del>even</del> <ins>"Even</ins> destroy the wise men <del>out of</del> <ins>from</ins> Edom, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> understanding <del>out of</del> <ins>from</ins> the <del>mount</del> <ins>mountains</ins> of Esau?</p><p><b>[Obadiah 1:9]</b> <del>And thy</del> <ins>Then your</ins> mighty men, O Teman, shall be dismayed, <del>to</del> <ins>To</ins> the end that <del>every one of</del> <ins>everyone from</ins> the <del>mount</del> <ins>mountains</ins> of Esau <del>may</del> <ins>May</ins> be cut off by slaughter.</p><p><b>[Obadiah 1:10]</b> <del>For thy</del> <ins>"For</ins> violence against <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> brother <del>Jacob shame</del> <ins>Jacob, Shame</ins> shall cover <del>thee, and thou shalt</del> <ins>you, And you shall</ins> be cut off <del>for ever.</del> <ins>forever.</ins></p><p><b>[Obadiah 1:11]</b> In the day that <del>thou stoodest</del> <ins>you stood</ins> on the other <del>side, in</del> <ins>side--In</ins> the day that <del>the</del> strangers carried <del>away</del> captive his forces, <del>and</del> <ins>When</ins> foreigners entered <del>into</del> his <del>gates, and</del> <ins>gates And</ins> cast lots <del>upon Jerusalem, even thou wast</del> <ins>for Jerusalem--Even you were</ins> as one of them.</p><p><b>[Obadiah 1:12]</b> <del>But thou shouldest</del> <ins>"But you should</ins> not have <del>looked</del> <ins>gazed</ins> on the day of <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> brother <del>in</del> <ins>In</ins> the day <del>that he became a stranger; neither shouldest thou</del> <ins>of his captivity; Nor should you</ins> have rejoiced over the children of Judah <del>in</del> <ins>In</ins> the day of their destruction; <del>neither shouldest thou</del> <ins>Nor should you</ins> have spoken proudly <del>in</del> <ins>In</ins> the day of distress.</p><p><b>[Obadiah 1:13]</b> <del>Thou shouldest</del> <ins>You should</ins> not have entered <del>into</del> the gate of <del>my</del> <ins>My</ins> people <del>in</del> <ins>In</ins> the day of their <del>calamity; yea, thou shouldest</del> <ins>calamity. Indeed, you should</ins> not have <del>looked</del> <ins>gazed</ins> on their affliction <del>in</del> <ins>In</ins> the day of their calamity, <del>nor have</del> <ins>Nor</ins> laid hands on their substance <del>in</del> <ins>In</ins> the day of their <del>calamity;</del> <ins>calamity.</ins></p><p><b>[Obadiah 1:14]</b> <del>Neither shouldest thou</del> <ins>You should not</ins> have stood <del>in</del> <ins>at</ins> the <del>crossway, to</del> <ins>crossroads To</ins> cut off those <del>of his that did escape; neither shouldest thou</del> <ins>among them who escaped; Nor should you</ins> have delivered up those <del>of his that did remain in</del> <ins>among them who remained In</ins> the day of distress.</p><p><b>[Obadiah 1:15]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>"For</ins> the day of the LORD <del>is near</del> upon all the <del>heathen: as thou hast</del> <ins>nations is near; As you have</ins> done, it shall be done <del>unto thee: thy reward</del> <ins>to you; Your reprisal</ins> shall return upon <del>thine</del> <ins>your</ins> own head.</p><p><b>[Obadiah 1:16]</b> For as <del>ye have drunk upon my</del> <ins>you drank on My</ins> holy mountain, <del>so</del> <ins>So</ins> shall all the <del>heathen</del> <ins>nations</ins> drink <del>continually, yea,</del> <ins>continually; Yes,</ins> they shall drink, and <del>they shall swallow down, and</del> <ins>swallow, And</ins> they shall be as though they had <del>not</del> <ins>never</ins> been.</p><p><b>[Obadiah 1:17]</b> <del>But upon mount</del> <ins>"But on Mount</ins> Zion <ins>there</ins> shall be deliverance, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> there shall be holiness; <del>and the</del> <ins>The</ins> house of Jacob shall possess their possessions.</p><p><b>[Obadiah 1:18]</b> <del>And the</del> <ins>The</ins> house of Jacob shall be a fire, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> the house of Joseph a <del>flame, and</del> <ins>flame; But</ins> the house of Esau <del>for stubble, and they</del> <ins>shall be stubble; They</ins> shall kindle <del>in them,</del> <ins>them</ins> and devour <del>them; and there</del> <ins>them, And no survivor</ins> shall <del>not be any remaining</del> <ins>remain</ins> of the house of <del>Esau; for</del> <ins>Esau," For</ins> the LORD <del>hath spoken it.</del> <ins>has spoken.</ins></p><p><b>[Obadiah 1:19]</b> <del>And they of the south</del> <ins>The South</ins> shall possess the <del>mount</del> <ins>mountains</ins> of <del>Esau; and they of</del> <ins>Esau, And</ins> the <del>plain the Philistines: and they</del> <ins>Lowland shall possess Philistia. They</ins> shall possess the fields of <del>Ephraim, and</del> <ins>Ephraim And</ins> the fields of <del>Samaria: and</del> <ins>Samaria.</ins> Benjamin shall possess Gilead.</p><p><b>[Obadiah 1:20]</b> And the <del>captivity</del> <ins>captives</ins> of this host of the children of Israel <del>shall</del> <ins>Shall</ins> possess <del>that</del> <ins>the land</ins> of the <del>Canaanites, even unto Zarephath; and the captivity</del> <ins>Canaanites As far as Zarephath. The captives</ins> of <del>Jerusalem, which is</del> <ins>Jerusalem who are</ins> in <del>Sepharad, shall</del> <ins>Sepharad Shall</ins> possess the cities of the <del>south.</del> <ins>South.</ins></p><p><b>[Obadiah 1:21]</b> <del>And saviours</del> <ins>Then saviors</ins> shall come <del>up on mount Zion</del> to <ins>Mount Zion To</ins> judge the <del>mount</del> <ins>mountains</ins> of <del>Esau; and</del> <ins>Esau, And</ins> the kingdom shall be the LORD's.</p>