<p><b>[Philippians 1:1]</b> Paul and <del>Timotheus, the servants</del> <ins>Timothy, bondservants</ins> of Jesus Christ, <del>to</del> <ins>To</ins> all the saints in Christ Jesus <del>which</del> <ins>who</ins> are <del>at</del> <ins>in</ins> Philippi, with the bishops and deacons:</p><p><b>[Philippians 1:2]</b> Grace <del>be unto you,</del> <ins>to you</ins> and <del>peace,</del> <ins>peace</ins> from God our <del>Father,</del> <ins>Father</ins> and <del>from</del> the Lord Jesus Christ.</p><p><b>[Philippians 1:4]</b> <del>Always</del> <ins>always</ins> in every prayer of mine <ins>making request</ins> for you all <del>making request</del> with joy,</p><p><b>[Philippians 1:5]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>for</ins> your fellowship in the gospel from the first day until <del>now;</del> <ins>now,</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 1:6]</b> <del>Being</del> <ins>being</ins> confident of this very thing, that <del>he which hath</del> <ins>He who has</ins> begun a good work in you will <del>perform</del> <ins>complete</ins> it until the day of Jesus <del>Christ:</del> <ins>Christ;</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 1:7]</b> <del>Even</del> <ins>just</ins> as it is <del>meet</del> <ins>right</ins> for me to think this of you all, because I have you in my <del>heart;</del> <ins>heart,</ins> inasmuch as both in my <del>bonds,</del> <ins>chains</ins> and in the <del>defence</del> <ins>defense</ins> and confirmation of the gospel, <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> all are partakers <ins>with me</ins> of <del>my</del> grace.</p><p><b>[Philippians 1:8]</b> For God is my <del>record,</del> <ins>witness,</ins> how greatly I long <del>after</del> <ins>for</ins> you all <del>in</del> <ins>with</ins> the <del>bowels</del> <ins>affection</ins> of Jesus Christ.</p><p><b>[Philippians 1:9]</b> And this I pray, that your love may abound <del>yet</del> <ins>still</ins> more and more in knowledge and <del>in</del> all <del>judgment;</del> <ins>discernment,</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 1:10]</b> <del>That ye</del> <ins>that you</ins> may approve <ins>the</ins> things that are <del>excellent;</del> <ins>excellent,</ins> that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> may be sincere and without <del>offence</del> <ins>offense</ins> till the day of <del>Christ.</del> <ins>Christ,</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 1:11]</b> <del>Being</del> <ins>being</ins> filled with the fruits of <del>righteousness,</del> <ins>righteousness</ins> which are by Jesus Christ, <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the glory and praise of God.</p><p><b>[Philippians 1:12]</b> But I <del>would ye should understand,</del> <ins>want you to know,</ins> brethren, that the things which happened <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me have <del>fallen</del> <ins>actually turned</ins> out <del>rather unto</del> <ins>for</ins> the furtherance of the <del>gospel;</del> <ins>gospel,</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 1:13]</b> <del>So</del> <ins>so</ins> that <del>my bonds in Christ are manifest in</del> <ins>it has become evident to the whole palace guard, and to</ins> all the <del>palace, and</del> <ins>rest, that my chains are</ins> in <del>all other places;</del> <ins>Christ;</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 1:14]</b> <del>And many</del> <ins>and most</ins> of the brethren in the Lord, <del>waxing</del> <ins>having become</ins> confident by my <del>bonds,</del> <ins>chains,</ins> are much more bold to speak the word without fear.</p><p><b>[Philippians 1:15]</b> Some indeed preach Christ even <del>of</del> <ins>from</ins> envy and <del>strife;</del> <ins>strife,</ins> and some also <del>of good will:</del> <ins>from goodwill:</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 1:16]</b> The <del>one</del> <ins>former</ins> preach Christ <del>of contention,</del> <ins>from selfish ambition,</ins> not sincerely, supposing to add affliction to my <del>bonds:</del> <ins>chains;</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 1:17]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>but</ins> the <del>other</del> <ins>latter out</ins> of love, knowing that I am <del>set</del> <ins>appointed</ins> for the <del>defence</del> <ins>defense</ins> of the gospel.</p><p><b>[Philippians 1:18]</b> What then? <del>notwithstanding,</del> <ins>Only that in</ins> every way, whether in <del>pretence,</del> <ins>pretense</ins> or in truth, Christ is preached; and <ins>in this</ins> I <del>therein do</del> rejoice, <del>yea,</del> <ins>yes,</ins> and will rejoice.</p><p><b>[Philippians 1:19]</b> For I know that this <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> turn <del>to</del> <ins>out for</ins> my <del>salvation</del> <ins>deliverance</ins> through your <del>prayer,</del> <ins>prayer</ins> and the supply of the Spirit of Jesus Christ,</p><p><b>[Philippians 1:20]</b> <del>According</del> <ins>according</ins> to my earnest expectation and <del>my hope,</del> <ins>hope</ins> that in nothing I shall be ashamed, but <del>that</del> with all boldness, as always, so now also Christ <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be magnified in my body, whether <del>it be</del> by <del>life,</del> <ins>life</ins> or by death.</p><p><b>[Philippians 1:21]</b> For to <del>me</del> <ins>me,</ins> to live is Christ, and to die is gain.</p><p><b>[Philippians 1:22]</b> But if I live <ins>on</ins> in the flesh, this <del>is the</del> <ins>will mean</ins> fruit <del>of</del> <ins>from</ins> my <del>labour:</del> <ins>labor;</ins> yet what I shall choose I <del>wot not.</del> <ins>cannot tell.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 1:23]</b> For I am <del>in a strait betwixt</del> <ins>hard-pressed between the</ins> two, having a desire to <del>depart,</del> <ins>depart</ins> and <del>to</del> be with <del>Christ;</del> <ins>Christ,</ins> which is far <del>better:</del> <ins>better.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 1:24]</b> Nevertheless to <del>abide</del> <ins>remain</ins> in the flesh is more needful for you.</p><p><b>[Philippians 1:25]</b> And <del>having this confidence,</del> <ins>being confident of this,</ins> I know that I shall <del>abide</del> <ins>remain</ins> and continue with you all for your <del>furtherance</del> <ins>progress</ins> and joy of <del>faith;</del> <ins>faith,</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 1:26]</b> <del>That</del> <ins>that</ins> your rejoicing <ins>for me</ins> may be more abundant in Jesus Christ <del>for me</del> by my coming to you again.</p><p><b>[Philippians 1:27]</b> Only let your <del>conversation</del> <ins>conduct</ins> be <del>as it becometh</del> <ins>worthy of</ins> the gospel of <del>Christ:</del> <ins>Christ, so</ins> that whether I come and see <del>you,</del> <ins>you</ins> or <del>else be</del> <ins>am</ins> absent, I may hear of your affairs, that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> stand fast in one spirit, with one mind striving together for the faith of the <del>gospel;</del> <ins>gospel,</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 1:28]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and not</ins> in <del>nothing</del> <ins>any way</ins> terrified by your <del>adversaries:</del> <ins>adversaries,</ins> which is to them <del>an evident token</del> <ins>a proof</ins> of perdition, but to you of salvation, and that <del>of</del> <ins>from</ins> God.</p><p><b>[Philippians 1:29]</b> For <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> you it <del>is given in the</del> <ins>has been granted on</ins> behalf of Christ, not only to believe <del>on him,</del> <ins>in Him,</ins> but also to suffer for <del>his sake;</del> <ins>His sake,</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 1:30]</b> <del>Having</del> <ins>having</ins> the same conflict which <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> saw in <del>me,</del> <ins>me</ins> and now hear <del>to be</del> <ins>is</ins> in me.</p><p><b>[Philippians 2:1]</b> <del>If</del> <ins>Therefore if</ins> there <del>be therefore</del> <ins>is</ins> any consolation in Christ, if any comfort of love, if any fellowship of the Spirit, if any <del>bowels</del> <ins>affection</ins> and <del>mercies,</del> <ins>mercy,</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 2:2]</b> <del>Fulfil ye</del> <ins>fulfill</ins> my <del>joy, that ye be likeminded,</del> <ins>joy by being like-minded,</ins> having the same love, being of one accord, of one mind.</p><p><b>[Philippians 2:3]</b> Let nothing be done through <del>strife</del> <ins>selfish ambition</ins> or <del>vainglory;</del> <ins>conceit,</ins> but in lowliness of mind let each esteem <del>other</del> <ins>others</ins> better than <del>themselves.</del> <ins>himself.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 2:4]</b> <del>Look</del> <ins>Let each of you look out</ins> not <del>every man on</del> <ins>only for</ins> his own <del>things,</del> <ins>interests,</ins> but <del>every man</del> also <del>on</del> <ins>for</ins> the <del>things</del> <ins>interests</ins> of others.</p><p><b>[Philippians 2:5]</b> Let this mind be in <del>you,</del> <ins>you</ins> which was also in Christ <del>Jesus:</del> <ins>Jesus,</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 2:6]</b> <del>Who,</del> <ins>who,</ins> being in the form of God, <del>thought it</del> <ins>did</ins> not <ins>consider it</ins> robbery to be equal with <del>God:</del> <ins>God,</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 2:7]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>but</ins> made <del>himself</del> <ins>Himself</ins> of no reputation, <del>and took upon him</del> <ins>taking</ins> the form of a <del>servant,</del> <ins>bondservant,</ins> and <del>was made</del> <ins>coming</ins> in the likeness of <del>men:</del> <ins>men.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 2:8]</b> And being found in <del>fashion</del> <ins>appearance</ins> as a man, <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> humbled <del>himself,</del> <ins>Himself</ins> and became obedient <del>unto</del> <ins>to the point of</ins> death, even the death of the cross.</p><p><b>[Philippians 2:9]</b> <del>Wherefore</del> <ins>Therefore</ins> God also <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> highly exalted <del>him,</del> <ins>Him</ins> and given <del>him a</del> <ins>Him the</ins> name which is above every <del>name:</del> <ins>name,</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 2:10]</b> <del>That</del> <ins>that</ins> at the name of Jesus every knee should bow, of <del>things</del> <ins>those</ins> in heaven, and <del>things in</del> <ins>of those on</ins> earth, and <del>things</del> <ins>of those</ins> under the <del>earth;</del> <ins>earth,</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 2:11]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> that every tongue should confess that Jesus Christ is Lord, to the glory of God the Father.</p><p><b>[Philippians 2:12]</b> <del>Wherefore,</del> <ins>Therefore,</ins> my beloved, as <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> have always obeyed, not as in my presence only, but now much more in my absence, work out your own salvation with fear and <del>trembling.</del> <ins>trembling;</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 2:13]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>for</ins> it is God <del>which worketh</del> <ins>who works</ins> in you both to will and to do <del>of his</del> <ins>for His</ins> good pleasure.</p><p><b>[Philippians 2:14]</b> Do all things without <del>murmurings</del> <ins>complaining</ins> and <del>disputings:</del> <ins>disputing,</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 2:15]</b> <del>That ye</del> <ins>that you</ins> may <del>be</del> <ins>become</ins> blameless and harmless, <del>the sons</del> <ins>children</ins> of <del>God,</del> <ins>God</ins> without <del>rebuke,</del> <ins>fault</ins> in the midst of a crooked and perverse <del>nation,</del> <ins>generation,</ins> among whom <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> shine as lights in the <del>world;</del> <ins>world,</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 2:16]</b> <del>Holding forth</del> <ins>holding fast</ins> the word of <del>life;</del> <ins>life, so</ins> that I may rejoice in the day of <del>Christ,</del> <ins>Christ</ins> that I have not run in <del>vain, neither laboured</del> <ins>vain or labored</ins> in vain.</p><p><b>[Philippians 2:17]</b> <del>Yea,</del> <ins>Yes,</ins> and if I <del>be offered upon</del> <ins>am being poured out as a drink offering on</ins> the sacrifice and service of your faith, I <del>joy,</del> <ins>am glad</ins> and rejoice with you all.</p><p><b>[Philippians 2:18]</b> For the same <del>cause</del> <ins>reason you</ins> also <del>do ye joy,</del> <ins>be glad</ins> and rejoice with me.</p><p><b>[Philippians 2:19]</b> But I trust in the Lord Jesus to send <del>Timotheus shortly unto you,</del> <ins>Timothy to you shortly,</ins> that I also may be <del>of good comfort,</del> <ins>encouraged</ins> when I know your state.</p><p><b>[Philippians 2:20]</b> For I have no <del>man likeminded,</del> <ins>one like-minded,</ins> who will <del>naturally</del> <ins>sincerely</ins> care for your state.</p><p><b>[Philippians 2:21]</b> For all seek their own, not the things which are <del>Jesus Christ's.</del> <ins>of Christ Jesus.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 2:22]</b> But <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> know <del>the proof of him, that,</del> <ins>his proven character, that</ins> as a son with <del>the father,</del> <ins>his father</ins> he <del>hath</del> served with me in the gospel.</p><p><b>[Philippians 2:23]</b> <del>Him therefore</del> <ins>Therefore</ins> I hope to send <del>presently, so</del> <ins>him at once, as</ins> soon as I <del>shall</del> see how it <del>will go</del> <ins>goes</ins> with me.</p><p><b>[Philippians 2:24]</b> But I trust in the Lord that I <del>also</del> myself shall <ins>also</ins> come shortly.</p><p><b>[Philippians 2:25]</b> Yet I <del>supposed</del> <ins>considered</ins> it necessary to send to you Epaphroditus, my brother, <ins>fellow worker,</ins> and <del>companion in labour, and fellowsoldier,</del> <ins>fellow soldier,</ins> but your <del>messenger,</del> <ins>messenger</ins> and <del>he that</del> <ins>the one who</ins> ministered to my <del>wants.</del> <ins>need;</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 2:26]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>since</ins> he <del>longed after</del> <ins>was longing for</ins> you all, and was <del>full of heaviness,</del> <ins>distressed</ins> because <del>that ye</del> <ins>you</ins> had heard that he <del>had been</del> <ins>was</ins> sick.</p><p><b>[Philippians 2:27]</b> For indeed he was sick <del>nigh</del> <ins>almost</ins> unto <del>death:</del> <ins>death;</ins> but God had mercy on <del>him;</del> <ins>him,</ins> and not <ins>only</ins> on him <del>only,</del> but on me also, lest I should have sorrow upon sorrow.</p><p><b>[Philippians 2:28]</b> <ins>Therefore</ins> I sent him <del>therefore</del> the more <del>carefully, that,</del> <ins>eagerly, that</ins> when <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> see him <del>again, ye</del> <ins>again you</ins> may rejoice, and <del>that</del> I may be <del>the</del> less sorrowful.</p><p><b>[Philippians 2:29]</b> Receive him therefore in the Lord with all <del>gladness;</del> <ins>gladness,</ins> and hold such <ins>men</ins> in <del>reputation:</del> <ins>esteem;</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 2:30]</b> <del>Because</del> <ins>because</ins> for the work of Christ he <del>was nigh unto</del> <ins>came close to</ins> death, not regarding his life, to supply <ins>what was lacking in</ins> your <del>lack of</del> service toward me.</p><p><b>[Philippians 3:1]</b> Finally, my brethren, rejoice in the Lord. <del>To</del> <ins>For me to</ins> write the same things to <del>you, to me indeed</del> <ins>you</ins> is not <del>grievous,</del> <ins>tedious,</ins> but for you it is safe.</p><p><b>[Philippians 3:2]</b> Beware of dogs, beware of evil workers, beware of the <del>concision.</del> <ins>mutilation!</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 3:3]</b> For we are the circumcision, <del>which</del> <ins>who</ins> worship God in the <del>spirit, and</del> <ins>Spirit,</ins> rejoice in Christ Jesus, and have no confidence in the <del>flesh.</del> <ins>flesh,</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 3:4]</b> <del>Though</del> <ins>though</ins> I <del>might</del> also <ins>might</ins> have confidence in the flesh. If <del>any other man thinketh that</del> <ins>anyone else thinks</ins> he <del>hath whereof he might trust</del> <ins>may have confidence</ins> in the flesh, I <del>more:</del> <ins>more so:</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 3:5]</b> <del>Circumcised</del> <ins>circumcised</ins> the eighth day, of the stock of Israel, of the tribe of Benjamin, <del>an</del> <ins>a</ins> Hebrew of the Hebrews; <del>as touching</del> <ins>concerning</ins> the law, a Pharisee;</p><p><b>[Philippians 3:6]</b> <del>Concerning</del> <ins>concerning</ins> zeal, persecuting the church; <del>touching</del> <ins>concerning</ins> the righteousness which is in the law, blameless.</p><p><b>[Philippians 3:7]</b> But what things were gain to me, <del>those</del> <ins>these</ins> I <ins>have</ins> counted loss for Christ.</p><p><b>[Philippians 3:8]</b> <del>Yea doubtless, and</del> <ins>Yet indeed</ins> I <ins>also</ins> count all things <del>but</del> loss for the <del>excellency</del> <ins>excellence</ins> of the knowledge of Christ Jesus my <del>Lord:</del> <ins>Lord,</ins> for whom I have suffered the loss of all things, and <del>do</del> count them <del>but dung,</del> <ins>as rubbish,</ins> that I may <del>win Christ,</del> <ins>gain Christ</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 3:9]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> be found in <del>him,</del> <ins>Him,</ins> not having <del>mine</del> <ins>my</ins> own righteousness, which is <del>of</del> <ins>from</ins> the law, but that which is through <del>the</del> faith <del>of</del> <ins>in</ins> Christ, the righteousness which is <del>of</del> <ins>from</ins> God by <del>faith:</del> <ins>faith;</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 3:10]</b> <del>That</del> <ins>that</ins> I may know <del>him,</del> <ins>Him</ins> and the power of <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> resurrection, and the fellowship of <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> sufferings, being <del>made conformable unto his death;</del> <ins>conformed to His death,</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 3:11]</b> <del>If</del> <ins>if,</ins> by any <del>means</del> <ins>means,</ins> I <del>might</del> <ins>may</ins> attain <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the resurrection <del>of</del> <ins>from</ins> the dead.</p><p><b>[Philippians 3:12]</b> Not <del>as though</del> <ins>that</ins> I <del>had</del> <ins>have</ins> already attained, <del>either were</del> <ins>or am</ins> already <del>perfect:</del> <ins>perfected;</ins> but I <del>follow after, if</del> <ins>press on,</ins> that I may <del>apprehend</del> <ins>lay hold of</ins> that for which <del>also I am apprehended of</del> Christ <del>Jesus.</del> <ins>Jesus has also laid hold of me.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 3:13]</b> Brethren, I <del>count</del> <ins>do</ins> not <ins>count</ins> myself to have <del>apprehended:</del> <ins>apprehended;</ins> but <del>this</del> one thing I do, forgetting those things which are <del>behind,</del> <ins>behind</ins> and reaching <del>forth unto</del> <ins>forward to</ins> those things which are <del>before,</del> <ins>ahead,</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 3:14]</b> I press toward the <del>mark</del> <ins>goal</ins> for the prize of the <del>high calling</del> <ins>upward call</ins> of God in Christ Jesus.</p><p><b>[Philippians 3:15]</b> <del>Let us therefore,</del> <ins>Therefore let us,</ins> as many as <del>be perfect, be thus minded:</del> <ins>are mature, have this mind;</ins> and if in <del>any thing ye be otherwise minded,</del> <ins>anything you think otherwise,</ins> God <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> reveal even this <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> you.</p><p><b>[Philippians 3:16]</b> Nevertheless, <del>whereto</del> <ins>to the degree that</ins> we have already attained, let us walk by the same rule, let us <del>mind</del> <ins>be of</ins> the same <del>thing.</del> <ins>mind.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 3:17]</b> Brethren, <del>be followers together of me,</del> <ins>join in following my example,</ins> and <del>mark them which walk</del> <ins>note those who</ins> so <ins>walk,</ins> as <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> have us for <del>an ensample.</del> <ins>a pattern.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 3:18]</b> <del>(For</del> <ins>For</ins> many walk, of whom I have told you often, and now tell you even weeping, that they are the enemies of the cross of Christ:</p><p><b>[Philippians 3:19]</b> <del>Whose</del> <ins>whose</ins> end is destruction, whose <del>God</del> <ins>god</ins> is their belly, and whose glory is in their <del>shame, who</del> <ins>shame--who set their</ins> mind <ins>on</ins> earthly <del>things.)</del> <ins>things.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 3:20]</b> For our <del>conversation</del> <ins>citizenship</ins> is in <del>heaven;</del> <ins>heaven,</ins> from <del>whence also</del> <ins>which</ins> we <del>look</del> <ins>also eagerly wait</ins> for the <del>Saviour,</del> <ins>Savior,</ins> the Lord Jesus <del>Christ:</del> <ins>Christ,</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 3:21]</b> <del>Who shall change</del> <ins>who will transform</ins> our <del>vile body,</del> <ins>lowly body</ins> that it may be <del>fashioned like unto his</del> <ins>conformed to His</ins> glorious body, according to the working <del>whereby he</del> <ins>by which He</ins> is able even to subdue all things <del>unto himself.</del> <ins>to Himself.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 4:1]</b> Therefore, my <del>brethren dearly</del> beloved and <del>longed for,</del> <ins>longed-for brethren,</ins> my joy and crown, so stand fast in the Lord, <del>my dearly</del> beloved.</p><p><b>[Philippians 4:2]</b> I <del>beseech Euodias,</del> <ins>implore Euodia</ins> and <del>beseech Syntyche, that they</del> <ins>I implore Syntyche to</ins> be of the same mind in the Lord.</p><p><b>[Philippians 4:3]</b> And I <del>intreat thee</del> <ins>urge you</ins> also, true <del>yokefellow,</del> <ins>companion,</ins> help <del>those</del> <ins>these</ins> women <del>which laboured</del> <ins>who labored</ins> with me in the gospel, with Clement also, and <del>with other</del> <ins>the rest of</ins> my <del>fellowlabourers,</del> <ins>fellow workers,</ins> whose names are in the <del>book</del> <ins>Book</ins> of <del>life.</del> <ins>Life.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 4:4]</b> Rejoice in the Lord <del>always: and again</del> <ins>always. Again</ins> I <ins>will</ins> say, <del>Rejoice.</del> <ins>rejoice!</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 4:5]</b> Let your <del>moderation</del> <ins>gentleness</ins> be known <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> all men. The Lord is at hand.</p><p><b>[Philippians 4:6]</b> Be <del>careful</del> <ins>anxious</ins> for <del>nothing;</del> <ins>nothing,</ins> but in <del>every thing</del> <ins>everything</ins> by prayer and <del>supplication</del> <ins>supplication,</ins> with <del>thanksgiving</del> <ins>thanksgiving,</ins> let your requests be made known <del>unto God.</del> <ins>to God;</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 4:7]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> the peace of God, which <del>passeth</del> <ins>surpasses</ins> all understanding, <del>shall keep</del> <ins>will guard</ins> your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus.</p><p><b>[Philippians 4:8]</b> Finally, brethren, <del>whatsoever</del> <ins>whatever</ins> things are true, <del>whatsoever</del> <ins>whatever</ins> things are <del>honest, whatsoever</del> <ins>noble, whatever</ins> things are just, <del>whatsoever</del> <ins>whatever</ins> things are pure, <del>whatsoever</del> <ins>whatever</ins> things are lovely, <del>whatsoever</del> <ins>whatever</ins> things are of good <del>report;</del> <ins>report,</ins> if there <del>be</del> <ins>is</ins> any <del>virtue,</del> <ins>virtue</ins> and if there <del>be any praise, think</del> <ins>is anything praiseworthy--meditate</ins> on these things.</p><p><b>[Philippians 4:9]</b> <del>Those things,</del> <ins>The things</ins> which <del>ye have both learned,</del> <ins>you learned</ins> and <del>received,</del> <ins>received</ins> and <del>heard,</del> <ins>heard</ins> and <del>seen</del> <ins>saw</ins> in me, <del>do:</del> <ins>these do,</ins> and the God of peace <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be with you.</p><p><b>[Philippians 4:10]</b> But I rejoiced in the Lord <del>greatly,</del> <ins>greatly</ins> that now at <del>the</del> last your care <del>of</del> <ins>for</ins> me <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> flourished again; <del>wherein ye were also careful,</del> <ins>though you surely did care,</ins> but <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> lacked opportunity.</p><p><b>[Philippians 4:11]</b> Not that I speak in <del>respect of want:</del> <ins>regard to need,</ins> for I have <del>learned,</del> <ins>learned</ins> in <del>whatsoever</del> <ins>whatever</ins> state I am, <del>therewith</del> to be <del>content.</del> <ins>content:</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 4:12]</b> I know <del>both</del> how to be abased, and I know how to <del>abound: every where</del> <ins>abound. Everywhere</ins> and in all things I <del>am instructed</del> <ins>have learned</ins> both to be full and to be hungry, both to abound and to suffer need.</p><p><b>[Philippians 4:13]</b> I can do all things through Christ <del>which strengtheneth</del> <ins>who strengthens</ins> me.</p><p><b>[Philippians 4:14]</b> <del>Notwithstanding ye</del> <ins>Nevertheless you</ins> have <ins>done</ins> well <del>done,</del> that <del>ye did communicate with</del> <ins>you shared in</ins> my <del>affliction.</del> <ins>distress.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 4:15]</b> Now <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> Philippians know <del>also,</del> <ins>also</ins> that in the beginning of the gospel, when I departed from Macedonia, no church <del>communicated</del> <ins>shared</ins> with me <del>as</del> concerning giving and <del>receiving,</del> <ins>receiving</ins> but <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> only.</p><p><b>[Philippians 4:16]</b> For even in Thessalonica <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> sent <ins>aid</ins> once and again <del>unto</del> <ins>for</ins> my <del>necessity.</del> <ins>necessities.</ins></p><p><b>[Philippians 4:17]</b> Not <del>because</del> <ins>that</ins> I <del>desire a gift:</del> <ins>seek the gift,</ins> but I <del>desire</del> <ins>seek the</ins> fruit that <del>may abound</del> <ins>abounds</ins> to your account.</p><p><b>[Philippians 4:18]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>Indeed</ins> I have <del>all,</del> <ins>all</ins> and <del>abound:</del> <ins>abound.</ins> I am full, having received <del>of</del> <ins>from</ins> Epaphroditus the things <del>which were</del> sent from you, <del>an odour of</del> a <del>sweet smell, a sacrifice acceptable, wellpleasing</del> <ins>sweet-smelling aroma, an acceptable sacrifice, well pleasing</ins> to God.</p><p><b>[Philippians 4:19]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>And</ins> my God shall supply all your need according to <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> riches in glory by Christ Jesus.</p><p><b>[Philippians 4:20]</b> Now <del>unto</del> <ins>to our</ins> God and <del>our</del> Father be glory <del>for ever</del> <ins>forever</ins> and ever. Amen.</p><p><b>[Philippians 4:21]</b> <del>Salute</del> <ins>Greet</ins> every saint in Christ Jesus. The brethren <del>which</del> <ins>who</ins> are with me greet you.</p><p><b>[Philippians 4:22]</b> All the saints <del>salute</del> <ins>greet</ins> you, <del>chiefly they that</del> <ins>but especially those who</ins> are of Caesar's household.</p>