<p><b>[Romans 1:1]</b> Paul, a <del>servant</del> <ins>bondservant</ins> of Jesus Christ, called to be an apostle, separated <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the gospel of <del>God,</del> <ins>God</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 1:2]</b> <del>(Which he had</del> <ins>which He</ins> promised <del>afore by his</del> <ins>before through His</ins> prophets in the <del>holy scriptures,)</del> <ins>Holy Scriptures,</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 1:3]</b> <del>Concerning his</del> <ins>concerning His</ins> Son Jesus Christ our Lord, <del>which</del> <ins>who</ins> was <del>made</del> <ins>born</ins> of the seed of David according to the <del>flesh;</del> <ins>flesh,</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 1:4]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> declared to be the Son of God with <del>power,</del> <ins>power</ins> according to the <del>spirit</del> <ins>Spirit</ins> of holiness, by the resurrection from the <del>dead:</del> <ins>dead.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 1:5]</b> <del>By whom</del> <ins>Through Him</ins> we have received grace and <del>apostleship,</del> <ins>apostleship</ins> for obedience to the faith among all <del>nations,</del> <ins>nations</ins> for <del>his name:</del> <ins>His name,</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 1:6]</b> <del>Among</del> <ins>among</ins> whom <del>are ye</del> <ins>you</ins> also <ins>are</ins> the called of Jesus <del>Christ:</del> <ins>Christ;</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 1:7]</b> To all <del>that be</del> <ins>who are</ins> in Rome, beloved of God, called to be saints: Grace to you and peace from God our <del>Father,</del> <ins>Father</ins> and the Lord Jesus Christ.</p><p><b>[Romans 1:9]</b> For God is my witness, whom I serve with my spirit in the gospel of <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> Son, that without ceasing I make mention of you always in my <del>prayers;</del> <ins>prayers,</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 1:10]</b> <del>Making request, if</del> <ins>making request if,</ins> by <del>any means</del> <ins>some means,</ins> now at <del>length</del> <ins>last</ins> I <del>might have</del> <ins>may find</ins> a <del>prosperous journey by</del> <ins>way in</ins> the will of God to come <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> you.</p><p><b>[Romans 1:11]</b> For I long to see you, that I may impart <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> you some spiritual gift, <del>to the end ye</del> <ins>so that you</ins> may be <del>established;</del> <ins>established--</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 1:12]</b> <del>That</del> <ins>that</ins> is, that I may be <del>comforted</del> <ins>encouraged</ins> together with you by the mutual faith both of you and me.</p><p><b>[Romans 1:13]</b> Now I <del>would</del> <ins>do</ins> not <del>have</del> <ins>want</ins> you <del>ignorant,</del> <ins>to be unaware,</ins> brethren, that <del>oftentimes</del> I <del>purposed</del> <ins>often planned</ins> to come <del>unto you,</del> <ins>to you</ins> (but was <del>let hitherto,)</del> <ins>hindered until now),</ins> that I might have some fruit among you also, <del>even</del> <ins>just</ins> as among <ins>the</ins> other Gentiles.</p><p><b>[Romans 1:14]</b> I am <ins>a</ins> debtor both to <del>the Greeks,</del> <ins>Greeks</ins> and to <del>the Barbarians;</del> <ins>barbarians,</ins> both to <del>the wise,</del> <ins>wise</ins> and to <del>the</del> unwise.</p><p><b>[Romans 1:15]</b> So, as much as <ins>is</ins> in <del>me is,</del> <ins>me,</ins> I am ready to preach the gospel to you <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> are <del>at</del> <ins>in</ins> Rome also.</p><p><b>[Romans 1:16]</b> For I am not ashamed of the gospel of <del>Christ:</del> <ins>Christ,</ins> for it is the power of God <del>unto salvation</del> to <del>every one that believeth; to</del> <ins>salvation for everyone who believes, for</ins> the Jew <del>first,</del> <ins>first</ins> and also <del>to</del> <ins>for</ins> the Greek.</p><p><b>[Romans 1:17]</b> For <del>therein is</del> <ins>in it</ins> the righteousness of God <ins>is</ins> revealed from faith to <del>faith:</del> <ins>faith;</ins> as it is written, <del>The</del> <ins>"The</ins> just shall live by <del>faith.</del> <ins>faith."</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 1:18]</b> For the wrath of God is revealed from heaven against all ungodliness and unrighteousness of men, who <del>hold</del> <ins>suppress</ins> the truth in <del>unrighteousness;</del> <ins>unrighteousness,</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 1:19]</b> <del>Because that which</del> <ins>because what</ins> may be known of God is manifest in <del>them;</del> <ins>them,</ins> for God <del>hath shewed</del> <ins>has shown</ins> it <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> them.</p><p><b>[Romans 1:20]</b> For <del>the invisible things of him from</del> <ins>since</ins> the creation of the world <ins>His invisible attributes</ins> are clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made, even <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> eternal power and <del>Godhead;</del> <ins>Godhead,</ins> so that they are without <del>excuse:</del> <ins>excuse,</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 1:21]</b> <del>Because that, when</del> <ins>because, although</ins> they knew God, they <del>glorified him</del> <ins>did</ins> not <ins>glorify Him</ins> as God, <del>neither</del> <ins>nor</ins> were <del>thankful;</del> <ins>thankful,</ins> but became <del>vain</del> <ins>futile</ins> in their <del>imaginations,</del> <ins>thoughts,</ins> and their foolish <del>heart was</del> <ins>hearts were</ins> darkened.</p><p><b>[Romans 1:22]</b> Professing <del>themselves</del> to be wise, they became fools,</p><p><b>[Romans 1:23]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> changed the glory of the <del>uncorruptible</del> <ins>incorruptible</ins> God into an image made like <del>to</del> corruptible <del>man,</del> <ins>man--and birds</ins> and <del>to birds, and fourfooted beasts,</del> <ins>four-footed animals</ins> and creeping things.</p><p><b>[Romans 1:24]</b> <del>Wherefore</del> <ins>Therefore</ins> God also gave them up to <del>uncleanness through</del> <ins>uncleanness, in</ins> the lusts of their <del>own</del> hearts, to <del>dishonour</del> <ins>dishonor</ins> their <del>own</del> bodies <del>between themselves:</del> <ins>among themselves,</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 1:25]</b> <del>Who changed</del> <ins>who exchanged</ins> the truth of God <del>into a</del> <ins>for the</ins> lie, and <del>worshipped</del> <ins>worshiped</ins> and served the creature <del>more</del> <ins>rather</ins> than the Creator, who is blessed <del>for ever.</del> <ins>forever.</ins> Amen.</p><p><b>[Romans 1:26]</b> For this <del>cause</del> <ins>reason</ins> God gave them up <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> vile <del>affections: for</del> <ins>passions. For</ins> even their women <del>did change</del> <ins>exchanged</ins> the natural use <del>into that which</del> <ins>for what</ins> is against <del>nature:</del> <ins>nature.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 1:27]</b> <del>And likewise</del> <ins>Likewise</ins> also the men, leaving the natural use of the woman, burned in their lust <ins>for</ins> one <del>toward another;</del> <ins>another,</ins> men with men <del>working that which</del> <ins>committing what</ins> is <del>unseemly,</del> <ins>shameful,</ins> and receiving in themselves <del>that recompence</del> <ins>the penalty</ins> of their error which was <del>meet.</del> <ins>due.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 1:28]</b> And even as they did not like to retain God in their knowledge, God gave them over to a <del>reprobate</del> <ins>debased</ins> mind, to do those things which are not <del>convenient;</del> <ins>fitting;</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 1:29]</b> <del>Being</del> <ins>being</ins> filled with all unrighteousness, <del>fornication,</del> <ins>sexual immorality,</ins> wickedness, covetousness, maliciousness; full of envy, murder, <del>debate,</del> <ins>strife,</ins> deceit, <del>malignity;</del> <ins>evil-mindedness; they are</ins> whisperers,</p><p><b>[Romans 1:30]</b> <del>Backbiters,</del> <ins>backbiters,</ins> haters of God, <del>despiteful,</del> <ins>violent,</ins> proud, boasters, inventors of evil things, disobedient to parents,</p><p><b>[Romans 1:31]</b> <del>Without understanding, covenantbreakers, without natural affection, implacable, unmerciful:</del> <ins>undiscerning, untrustworthy, unloving, unforgiving, unmerciful;</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 1:32]</b> <del>Who</del> <ins>who,</ins> knowing the <ins>righteous</ins> judgment of God, that <del>they which commit</del> <ins>those who practice</ins> such things are <del>worthy</del> <ins>deserving</ins> of death, not only do the <del>same,</del> <ins>same</ins> but <del>have pleasure in them that do</del> <ins>also approve of those who practice</ins> them.</p><p><b>[Romans 2:1]</b> Therefore <del>thou art</del> <ins>you are</ins> inexcusable, O man, <del>whosoever thou art that judgest:</del> <ins>whoever you are who judge,</ins> for <del>wherein thou judgest another, thou condemnest thyself;</del> <ins>in whatever you judge another you condemn yourself;</ins> for <del>thou that judgest doest</del> <ins>you who judge practice</ins> the same things.</p><p><b>[Romans 2:2]</b> But we <del>are sure</del> <ins>know</ins> that the judgment of God is according to truth against <del>them which commit</del> <ins>those who practice</ins> such things.</p><p><b>[Romans 2:3]</b> And <del>thinkest thou</del> <ins>do you think</ins> this, O man, <del>that judgest them which do</del> <ins>you who judge those practicing</ins> such things, and <del>doest</del> <ins>doing</ins> the same, that <del>thou shalt</del> <ins>you will</ins> escape the judgment of God?</p><p><b>[Romans 2:4]</b> Or <del>despisest thou</del> <ins>do you despise</ins> the riches of <del>his goodness</del> <ins>His goodness, forbearance,</ins> and <del>forbearance and longsuffering;</del> <ins>longsuffering,</ins> not knowing that the goodness of God <del>leadeth thee</del> <ins>leads you</ins> to repentance?</p><p><b>[Romans 2:5]</b> But <del>after thy</del> <ins>in accordance with your</ins> hardness and <ins>your</ins> impenitent heart <del>treasurest</del> <ins>you are treasuring</ins> up <del>unto thyself</del> <ins>for yourself</ins> wrath <del>against</del> <ins>in</ins> the day of wrath and revelation of the righteous judgment of <del>God;</del> <ins>God,</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 2:6]</b> <del>Who will</del> <ins>who "will</ins> render to <del>every man</del> <ins>each one</ins> according to his <del>deeds:</del> <ins>deeds":</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 2:7]</b> <del>To them</del> <ins>eternal life to those</ins> who by patient continuance in <del>well</del> doing <ins>good</ins> seek for <del>glory</del> <ins>glory, honor,</ins> and <del>honour and immortality, eternal life:</del> <ins>immortality;</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 2:8]</b> <del>But unto them that</del> <ins>but to those who</ins> are <del>contentious,</del> <ins>self-seeking</ins> and do not obey the truth, but obey <del>unrighteousness, indignation</del> <ins>unrighteousness--indignation</ins> and wrath,</p><p><b>[Romans 2:9]</b> <del>Tribulation</del> <ins>tribulation</ins> and anguish, <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> every soul of man <del>that doeth</del> <ins>who does</ins> evil, of the Jew <del>first,</del> <ins>first</ins> and also of the <del>Gentile;</del> <ins>Greek;</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 2:10]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>but</ins> glory, <del>honour,</del> <ins>honor,</ins> and <del>peace,</del> <ins>peace</ins> to <del>every man that worketh</del> <ins>everyone who works what is</ins> good, to the Jew <del>first,</del> <ins>first</ins> and also to the <del>Gentile:</del> <ins>Greek.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 2:11]</b> For there is no <del>respect of persons</del> <ins>partiality</ins> with God.</p><p><b>[Romans 2:12]</b> For as many as have sinned without law <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> also perish without <del>law:</del> <ins>law,</ins> and as many as have sinned in the law <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be judged by the <del>law;</del> <ins>law</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 2:13]</b> <del>(For</del> <ins>(for</ins> not the hearers of the law are just <del>before</del> <ins>in the sight of</ins> God, but the doers of the law <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be <del>justified.</del> <ins>justified;</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 2:14]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>for</ins> when <del>the</del> Gentiles, <del>which have</del> <ins>who do</ins> not <ins>have</ins> the law, <del>do</del> by nature <ins>do</ins> the things <del>contained</del> in the law, these, <del>having</del> <ins>although</ins> not <ins>having</ins> the law, are a law <del>unto themselves:</del> <ins>to themselves,</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 2:15]</b> <del>Which shew</del> <ins>who show</ins> the work of the law written in their hearts, their conscience also bearing witness, and <ins>between themselves</ins> their thoughts <del>the mean while</del> accusing or else excusing <del>one another;)</del> <ins>them)</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 2:16]</b> <del>In</del> <ins>in</ins> the day when God <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> judge the secrets of men by Jesus <del>Christ</del> <ins>Christ,</ins> according to my gospel.</p><p><b>[Romans 2:17]</b> <del>Behold, thou art</del> <ins>Indeed you are</ins> called a Jew, and <del>restest in</del> <ins>rest on</ins> the law, and <del>makest thy</del> <ins>make your</ins> boast <del>of</del> <ins>in</ins> God,</p><p><b>[Romans 2:18]</b> <del>And knowest his</del> <ins>and know His</ins> will, and <del>approvest</del> <ins>approve</ins> the things that are <del>more</del> excellent, being instructed out of the <del>law;</del> <ins>law,</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 2:19]</b> <del>And art</del> <ins>and are</ins> confident that <del>thou thyself art</del> <ins>you yourself are</ins> a guide <del>of</del> <ins>to</ins> the blind, a light <del>of them which</del> <ins>to those who</ins> are in darkness,</p><p><b>[Romans 2:20]</b> <del>An</del> <ins>an</ins> instructor of the foolish, a teacher of babes, <del>which hast</del> <ins>having</ins> the form of knowledge and <del>of the</del> truth in the law.</p><p><b>[Romans 2:21]</b> <del>Thou therefore which teachest</del> <ins>You, therefore, who teach</ins> another, <del>teachest thou</del> <ins>do you</ins> not <del>thyself? thou</del> <ins>teach yourself? You who preach</ins> that <del>preachest</del> a man should not steal, <del>dost thou</del> <ins>do you</ins> steal?</p><p><b>[Romans 2:22]</b> <del>Thou that sayest a man should</del> <ins>You who say, "Do</ins> not commit <del>adultery, dost thou</del> <ins>adultery," do you</ins> commit adultery? <del>thou that abhorrest</del> <ins>You who abhor</ins> idols, <del>dost thou commit sacrilege?</del> <ins>do you rob temples?</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 2:23]</b> <del>Thou that makest thy</del> <ins>You who make your</ins> boast <del>of</del> <ins>in</ins> the law, <ins>do you dishonor God</ins> through breaking the <del>law dishonourest thou God?</del> <ins>law?</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 2:24]</b> For <del>the</del> <ins>"the</ins> name of God is blasphemed among the Gentiles <del>through you,</del> <ins>because of you,"</ins> as it is written.</p><p><b>[Romans 2:25]</b> For circumcision <del>verily profiteth,</del> <ins>is indeed profitable</ins> if <del>thou</del> <ins>you</ins> keep the <del>law:</del> <ins>law;</ins> but if <del>thou be</del> <ins>you are</ins> a breaker of the law, <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> circumcision <del>is made</del> <ins>has become</ins> uncircumcision.</p><p><b>[Romans 2:26]</b> <del>Therefore</del> <ins>Therefore,</ins> if <ins>an uncircumcised man keeps</ins> the <del>uncircumcision keep the righteousness</del> <ins>righteous requirements</ins> of the law, <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> not his uncircumcision be counted <del>for</del> <ins>as</ins> circumcision?</p><p><b>[Romans 2:27]</b> And <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> not <del>uncircumcision which is by nature,</del> <ins>the physically uncircumcised,</ins> if <del>it fulfil</del> <ins>he fulfills</ins> the law, judge <del>thee, who by the letter</del> <ins>you who, even with your written code</ins> and <del>circumcision dost transgress</del> <ins>circumcision, are a transgressor of</ins> the law?</p><p><b>[Romans 2:28]</b> For he is not a <del>Jew, which</del> <ins>Jew who</ins> is one <del>outwardly; neither</del> <ins>outwardly, nor</ins> is <ins>circumcision</ins> that <del>circumcision,</del> which is outward in the <del>flesh:</del> <ins>flesh;</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 2:29]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>but</ins> he is a <del>Jew, which</del> <ins>Jew who</ins> is one inwardly; and circumcision is that of the heart, in the <del>spirit, and</del> <ins>Spirit,</ins> not in the letter; whose praise is not <del>of men,</del> <ins>from men</ins> but <del>of</del> <ins>from</ins> God.</p><p><b>[Romans 3:1]</b> What advantage then <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> the <del>Jew?</del> <ins>Jew,</ins> or what <del>profit</del> is <del>there</del> <ins>the profit</ins> of circumcision?</p><p><b>[Romans 3:2]</b> Much <ins>in</ins> every <del>way: chiefly,</del> <ins>way! Chiefly</ins> because <del>that unto</del> <ins>to</ins> them were committed the oracles of God.</p><p><b>[Romans 3:3]</b> For what if some did not believe? <del>shall</del> <ins>Will</ins> their unbelief make the <del>faith</del> <ins>faithfulness</ins> of God without effect?</p><p><b>[Romans 3:4]</b> <del>God forbid: yea,</del> <ins>Certainly not! Indeed,</ins> let God be <del>true,</del> <ins>true</ins> but every man a <del>liar; as</del> <ins>liar. As</ins> it is <del>written, That thou mightest</del> <ins>written: "That You may</ins> be justified in <del>thy sayings, and mightest</del> <ins>Your words, And may</ins> overcome when <del>thou art judged.</del> <ins>You are judged."</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 3:5]</b> But if our unrighteousness <del>commend</del> <ins>demonstrates</ins> the righteousness of God, what shall we say? Is God <del>unrighteous</del> <ins>unjust</ins> who <del>taketh vengeance?</del> <ins>inflicts wrath?</ins> (I speak as a <del>man)</del> <ins>man.)</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 3:6]</b> <del>God forbid: for</del> <ins>Certainly not! For</ins> then how <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> God judge the world?</p><p><b>[Romans 3:7]</b> For if the truth of God <del>hath more abounded</del> <ins>has increased</ins> through my lie <del>unto his glory;</del> <ins>to His glory,</ins> why <del>yet</del> am I also <ins>still</ins> judged as a sinner?</p><p><b>[Romans 3:8]</b> And <ins>why</ins> not <del>rather, (as</del> <ins>say, "Let us do evil that good may come"?--as</ins> we <del>be</del> <ins>are</ins> slanderously <del>reported,</del> <ins>reported</ins> and as some affirm that we <del>say,) Let us do evil, that good may come? whose damnation</del> <ins>say. Their condemnation</ins> is just.</p><p><b>[Romans 3:9]</b> What then? <del>are</del> <ins>Are</ins> we better than they? <del>No, in no wise: for</del> <ins>Not at all. For</ins> we have <del>before proved</del> <ins>previously charged</ins> both Jews and <del>Gentiles,</del> <ins>Greeks</ins> that they are all under <del>sin;</del> <ins>sin.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 3:10]</b> As it is <del>written, There</del> <ins>written: "There</ins> is none righteous, no, not <del>one:</del> <ins>one;</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 3:11]</b> There is none <del>that understandeth, there</del> <ins>who understands; There</ins> is none <del>that seeketh</del> <ins>who seeks</ins> after God.</p><p><b>[Romans 3:12]</b> They <del>are</del> <ins>have</ins> all <del>gone out of the way, they are</del> <ins>turned aside; They have</ins> together become unprofitable; <del>there</del> <ins>There</ins> is none <del>that doeth</del> <ins>who does</ins> good, no, not <del>one.</del> <ins>one."</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 3:13]</b> <del>Their</del> <ins>"Their</ins> throat is an open <del>sepulchre; with</del> <ins>tomb; With</ins> their tongues they have <del>used deceit; the</del> <ins>practiced deceit"; "The</ins> poison of asps is under their <del>lips:</del> <ins>lips";</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 3:14]</b> <del>Whose</del> <ins>"Whose</ins> mouth is full of cursing and <del>bitterness:</del> <ins>bitterness."</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 3:15]</b> <del>Their</del> <ins>"Their</ins> feet are swift to shed <del>blood:</del> <ins>blood;</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 3:16]</b> Destruction and misery are in their <del>ways:</del> <ins>ways;</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 3:17]</b> And the way of peace <del>have</del> they <ins>have</ins> not <del>known:</del> <ins>known."</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 3:18]</b> <del>There</del> <ins>"There</ins> is no fear of God before their <del>eyes.</del> <ins>eyes."</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 3:19]</b> Now we know that <del>what things soever</del> <ins>whatever</ins> the law <del>saith,</del> <ins>says,</ins> it <del>saith</del> <ins>says</ins> to <del>them</del> <ins>those</ins> who are under the <del>law:</del> <ins>law,</ins> that every mouth may be stopped, and all the world may become guilty before God.</p><p><b>[Romans 3:20]</b> Therefore by the deeds of the law <del>there shall</del> no flesh <ins>will</ins> be justified in <del>his sight:</del> <ins>His sight,</ins> for by the law is the knowledge of sin.</p><p><b>[Romans 3:21]</b> But now the righteousness of God <del>without</del> <ins>apart from</ins> the law is <del>manifested,</del> <ins>revealed,</ins> being witnessed by the <del>law</del> <ins>Law</ins> and the <del>prophets;</del> <ins>Prophets,</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 3:22]</b> <del>Even</del> <ins>even</ins> the righteousness of <del>God which is by</del> <ins>God, through</ins> faith <del>of</del> <ins>in</ins> Jesus <del>Christ unto</del> <ins>Christ, to</ins> all and <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> all <del>them that believe: for</del> <ins>who believe. For</ins> there is no <del>difference:</del> <ins>difference;</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 3:23]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>for</ins> all have <del>sinned,</del> <ins>sinned</ins> and <del>come</del> <ins>fall</ins> short of the glory of <del>God;</del> <ins>God,</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 3:24]</b> <del>Being</del> <ins>being</ins> justified freely by <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> grace through the redemption that is in Christ <del>Jesus:</del> <ins>Jesus,</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 3:25]</b> <del>Whom</del> <ins>whom</ins> God <del>hath</del> set forth <del>to be</del> <ins>as</ins> a propitiation <del>through faith in his</del> <ins>by His</ins> blood, <ins>through faith,</ins> to <del>declare his righteousness for</del> <ins>demonstrate His righteousness, because in His forbearance God had passed over</ins> the <del>remission of</del> sins that <del>are past, through the forbearance of God;</del> <ins>were previously committed,</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 3:26]</b> <del>To declare, I say,</del> <ins>to demonstrate</ins> at <del>this</del> <ins>the present</ins> time <del>his righteousness:</del> <ins>His righteousness,</ins> that <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> might be <del>just,</del> <ins>just</ins> and the justifier of <del>him which believeth</del> <ins>the one who has faith</ins> in Jesus.</p><p><b>[Romans 3:27]</b> Where is boasting then? It is excluded. By what law? <del>of</del> <ins>Of</ins> works? <del>Nay:</del> <ins>No,</ins> but by the law of faith.</p><p><b>[Romans 3:28]</b> Therefore we conclude that a man is justified by faith <del>without</del> <ins>apart from</ins> the deeds of the law.</p><p><b>[Romans 3:29]</b> <del>Is he</del> <ins>Or is He</ins> the God of the Jews only? <del>is he</del> <ins>Is He</ins> not also <ins>the God</ins> of the Gentiles? Yes, of the Gentiles <del>also:</del> <ins>also,</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 3:30]</b> <del>Seeing it</del> <ins>since there</ins> is one <del>God, which shall</del> <ins>God who will</ins> justify the <del>circumcision</del> <ins>circumcised</ins> by <del>faith,</del> <ins>faith</ins> and <del>uncircumcision</del> <ins>the uncircumcised</ins> through faith.</p><p><b>[Romans 3:31]</b> Do we then make void the law through faith? <del>God forbid: yea,</del> <ins>Certainly not! On the contrary,</ins> we establish the law.</p><p><b>[Romans 4:1]</b> What <ins>then</ins> shall we say <del>then</del> that Abraham our <del>father, as pertaining</del> <ins>father has found according</ins> to the <del>flesh, hath found?</del> <ins>flesh?</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 4:2]</b> For if Abraham <del>were</del> <ins>was</ins> justified by works, he <del>hath whereof</del> <ins>has something</ins> to <del>glory;</del> <ins>boast about,</ins> but not before God.</p><p><b>[Romans 4:3]</b> For what <del>saith</del> <ins>does</ins> the <del>scripture? Abraham</del> <ins>Scripture say? "Abraham</ins> believed God, and it was <del>counted unto</del> <ins>accounted to</ins> him for <del>righteousness.</del> <ins>righteousness."</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 4:4]</b> Now to him <del>that worketh is</del> <ins>who works,</ins> the <del>reward</del> <ins>wages are</ins> not <del>reckoned of grace,</del> <ins>counted as grace</ins> but <del>of</del> <ins>as</ins> debt.</p><p><b>[Romans 4:5]</b> But to him <del>that worketh not,</del> <ins>who does not work</ins> but <del>believeth</del> <ins>believes</ins> on <del>him that justifieth</del> <ins>Him who justifies</ins> the ungodly, his faith is <del>counted</del> <ins>accounted</ins> for <del>righteousness.</del> <ins>righteousness,</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 4:6]</b> <del>Even</del> <ins>just</ins> as David also <del>describeth</del> <ins>describes</ins> the blessedness of the <del>man, unto</del> <ins>man to</ins> whom God <del>imputeth</del> <ins>imputes</ins> righteousness <del>without works,</del> <ins>apart from works:</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 4:7]</b> <del>Saying, Blessed</del> <ins>"Blessed</ins> are <del>they</del> <ins>those</ins> whose <del>iniquities</del> <ins>lawless deeds</ins> are forgiven, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> whose sins are <del>covered.</del> <ins>covered;</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 4:8]</b> Blessed is the man to whom the <del>Lord will</del> <ins>LORD shall</ins> not impute <del>sin.</del> <ins>sin."</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 4:9]</b> <del>Cometh</del> <ins>Does</ins> this blessedness then <ins>come</ins> upon the <del>circumcision</del> <ins>circumcised</ins> only, or upon the <del>uncircumcision</del> <ins>uncircumcised</ins> also? <del>for</del> <ins>For</ins> we say that faith was <del>reckoned</del> <ins>accounted</ins> to Abraham for righteousness.</p><p><b>[Romans 4:10]</b> How <ins>then</ins> was it <del>then reckoned? when</del> <ins>accounted? While</ins> he was <del>in circumcision,</del> <ins>circumcised,</ins> or <del>in uncircumcision?</del> <ins>uncircumcised?</ins> Not <del>in circumcision,</del> <ins>while circumcised,</ins> but <del>in uncircumcision.</del> <ins>while uncircumcised.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 4:11]</b> And he received the sign of circumcision, a seal of the righteousness of the faith which he had <del>yet being uncircumcised:</del> <ins>while still uncircumcised,</ins> that he might be the father of all <del>them that</del> <ins>those who</ins> believe, though they <del>be not circumcised;</del> <ins>are uncircumcised,</ins> that righteousness might be imputed <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> them <del>also:</del> <ins>also,</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 4:12]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> the father of circumcision to <del>them</del> <ins>those</ins> who <del>are</del> not <ins>only are</ins> of the <del>circumcision only,</del> <ins>circumcision,</ins> but who also walk in the steps of <del>that</del> <ins>the</ins> faith <del>of</del> <ins>which</ins> our father <del>Abraham, which he</del> <ins>Abraham</ins> had <del>being yet</del> <ins>while still</ins> uncircumcised.</p><p><b>[Romans 4:13]</b> For the <del>promise,</del> <ins>promise</ins> that he <del>should</del> <ins>would</ins> be the heir of the <del>world,</del> <ins>world</ins> was not to <del>Abraham,</del> <ins>Abraham</ins> or to his <del>seed,</del> <ins>seed</ins> through the law, but through the righteousness of faith.</p><p><b>[Romans 4:14]</b> For if <del>they which</del> <ins>those who</ins> are of the law <del>be</del> <ins>are</ins> heirs, faith is made <del>void,</del> <ins>void</ins> and the promise made of <del>none effect:</del> <ins>no effect,</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 4:15]</b> <del>Because</del> <ins>because</ins> the law <del>worketh wrath:</del> <ins>brings about wrath;</ins> for where <ins>there is</ins> no law <del>is,</del> there is no transgression.</p><p><b>[Romans 4:16]</b> Therefore it is of <del>faith,</del> <ins>faith</ins> that it might be <del>by grace;</del> <ins>according</ins> to <del>the end</del> <ins>grace, so that</ins> the promise might be sure to all the <del>seed;</del> <ins>seed,</ins> not <del>to that</del> only <del>which is</del> <ins>to those who are</ins> of the law, but <del>to that</del> also <del>which is</del> <ins>to those who are</ins> of the faith of <del>Abraham;</del> <ins>Abraham,</ins> who is the father of us <del>all,</del> <ins>all</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 4:17]</b> <del>(As</del> <ins>(as</ins> it is written, <del>I</del> <ins>"I</ins> have made <del>thee</del> <ins>you</ins> a father of many <del>nations,) before him</del> <ins>nations" ) in the presence of Him</ins> whom he <del>believed, even God,</del> <ins>believed--God,</ins> who <del>quickeneth</del> <ins>gives life to</ins> the <del>dead,</del> <ins>dead</ins> and <del>calleth</del> <ins>calls</ins> those things which <del>be</del> <ins>do</ins> not <ins>exist</ins> as though they <del>were.</del> <ins>did;</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 4:18]</b> <del>Who against hope believed in</del> <ins>who, contrary to</ins> hope, <ins>in hope believed, so</ins> that he <del>might become</del> <ins>became</ins> the father of many nations, according to <del>that which</del> <ins>what</ins> was spoken, <del>So</del> <ins>"So</ins> shall <del>thy seed be.</del> <ins>your descendants be."</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 4:19]</b> And <del>being</del> not <ins>being</ins> weak in faith, he <del>considered</del> <ins>did</ins> not <ins>consider</ins> his own <del>body now dead, when</del> <ins>body, already dead (since</ins> he was about <del>an</del> <ins>a</ins> hundred years <del>old, neither yet</del> <ins>old), and</ins> the deadness of Sarah's <del>womb:</del> <ins>womb.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 4:20]</b> He <del>staggered</del> <ins>did</ins> not <ins>waver</ins> at the promise of God through <del>unbelief;</del> <ins>unbelief,</ins> but was <del>strong</del> <ins>strengthened</ins> in faith, giving glory to <del>God;</del> <ins>God,</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 4:21]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> being fully <del>persuaded that,</del> <ins>convinced that</ins> what <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> had <del>promised, he</del> <ins>promised He</ins> was <del>able</del> also <ins>able</ins> to perform.</p><p><b>[Romans 4:22]</b> And therefore <del>it</del> <ins>"it</ins> was <del>imputed</del> <ins>accounted</ins> to him for <del>righteousness.</del> <ins>righteousness."</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 4:23]</b> Now it was not written for his sake <del>alone,</del> <ins>alone</ins> that it was imputed to <del>him;</del> <ins>him,</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 4:24]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>but also</ins> for <del>us also, to whom it</del> <ins>us. It</ins> shall be <del>imputed, if we</del> <ins>imputed to us who</ins> believe <del>on him that</del> <ins>in Him who</ins> raised up Jesus our Lord from the <del>dead;</del> <ins>dead,</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 4:25]</b> <del>Who</del> <ins>who</ins> was delivered <del>for</del> <ins>up because of</ins> our <del>offences,</del> <ins>offenses,</ins> and was raised <del>again for</del> <ins>because of</ins> our justification.</p><p><b>[Romans 5:1]</b> <del>Therefore being</del> <ins>Therefore, having been</ins> justified by faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus <del>Christ:</del> <ins>Christ,</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 5:2]</b> <del>By</del> <ins>through</ins> whom also we have access by faith into this grace <del>wherein</del> <ins>in which</ins> we stand, and rejoice in hope of the glory of God.</p><p><b>[Romans 5:3]</b> And not only <del>so,</del> <ins>that,</ins> but we <ins>also</ins> glory in <del>tribulations also:</del> <ins>tribulations,</ins> knowing that tribulation <del>worketh patience;</del> <ins>produces perseverance;</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 5:4]</b> <del>And patience, experience;</del> and <del>experience, hope:</del> <ins>perseverance, character; and character, hope.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 5:5]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Now</ins> hope <del>maketh</del> <ins>does</ins> not <del>ashamed;</del> <ins>disappoint,</ins> because the love of God <del>is shed abroad</del> <ins>has been poured out</ins> in our hearts by the Holy <del>Ghost which is</del> <ins>Spirit who was</ins> given <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> us.</p><p><b>[Romans 5:6]</b> For when we were <del>yet</del> <ins>still</ins> without strength, in due time Christ died for the ungodly.</p><p><b>[Romans 5:7]</b> For scarcely for a righteous man will one <del>die:</del> <ins>die;</ins> yet <del>peradventure</del> <ins>perhaps</ins> for a good man <del>some</del> <ins>someone</ins> would even dare to die.</p><p><b>[Romans 5:8]</b> But God <del>commendeth his</del> <ins>demonstrates His own</ins> love toward us, in <del>that,</del> <ins>that</ins> while we were <del>yet</del> <ins>still</ins> sinners, Christ died for us.</p><p><b>[Romans 5:9]</b> Much more then, <del>being</del> <ins>having</ins> now <ins>been</ins> justified by <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> blood, we shall be saved from wrath through <del>him.</del> <ins>Him.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 5:10]</b> For <del>if,</del> <ins>if</ins> when we were <del>enemies,</del> <ins>enemies</ins> we were reconciled to God <del>by</del> <ins>through</ins> the death of <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> Son, much more, <del>being</del> <ins>having been</ins> reconciled, we shall be saved by <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> life.</p><p><b>[Romans 5:11]</b> And not only <del>so,</del> <ins>that,</ins> but we also <del>joy</del> <ins>rejoice</ins> in God through our Lord Jesus Christ, <del>by</del> <ins>through</ins> whom we have now received the <del>atonement.</del> <ins>reconciliation.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 5:12]</b> <del>Wherefore,</del> <ins>Therefore, just</ins> as <del>by</del> <ins>through</ins> one man sin entered <del>into</del> the world, and death <del>by sin;</del> <ins>through sin,</ins> and <del>so</del> <ins>thus</ins> death <del>passed upon</del> <ins>spread to</ins> all men, <del>for that</del> <ins>because</ins> all <del>have sinned:</del> <ins>sinned--</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 5:13]</b> (For until the law sin was in the <del>world:</del> <ins>world,</ins> but sin is not imputed when there is no law.</p><p><b>[Romans 5:14]</b> Nevertheless death reigned from Adam to Moses, even over <del>them that</del> <ins>those who</ins> had not sinned <del>after</del> <ins>according to</ins> the <del>similitude</del> <ins>likeness</ins> of <del>Adam's transgression,</del> <ins>the transgression of Adam,</ins> who is <del>the figure</del> <ins>a type</ins> of <del>him that</del> <ins>Him who</ins> was to come.</p><p><b>[Romans 5:15]</b> But <del>not as the offence, so also is</del> the free <del>gift.</del> <ins>gift is not like the offense.</ins> For if <del>through</del> <ins>by</ins> the <del>offence of</del> one <ins>man's offense</ins> many <del>be dead,</del> <ins>died,</ins> much more the grace of <del>God,</del> <ins>God</ins> and the gift by <del>grace, which is by</del> <ins>the grace of the</ins> one <del>man,</del> <ins>Man,</ins> Jesus Christ, <del>hath</del> abounded <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> many.</p><p><b>[Romans 5:16]</b> And <del>not as it was by one that sinned, so is</del> the <del>gift: for</del> <ins>gift is not like that which came through the one who sinned. For</ins> the judgment <del>was by</del> <ins>which came from</ins> one <del>to</del> <ins>offense resulted in</ins> condemnation, but the free gift <del>is of</del> <ins>which came from</ins> many <del>offences unto</del> <ins>offenses resulted in</ins> justification.</p><p><b>[Romans 5:17]</b> For if by <ins>the</ins> one man's <del>offence</del> <ins>offense</ins> death reigned <del>by one;</del> <ins>through the one,</ins> much more <del>they which</del> <ins>those who</ins> receive abundance of grace and of the gift of righteousness <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> reign in life <del>by one,</del> <ins>through the One,</ins> Jesus Christ.)</p><p><b>[Romans 5:18]</b> <del>Therefore</del> <ins>Therefore,</ins> as <del>by the offence of</del> <ins>through</ins> one <ins>man's offense</ins> judgment came <del>upon all men</del> to <del>condemnation;</del> <ins>all men, resulting in condemnation,</ins> even so <del>by the righteousness of</del> <ins>through</ins> one <ins>Man's righteous act</ins> the free gift came <del>upon</del> <ins>to</ins> all <del>men unto</del> <ins>men, resulting in</ins> justification of life.</p><p><b>[Romans 5:19]</b> For as by one man's disobedience many were made sinners, so <ins>also</ins> by <del>the obedience of</del> one <del>shall</del> <ins>Man's obedience</ins> many <ins>will</ins> be made righteous.</p><p><b>[Romans 5:20]</b> Moreover the law <del>entered,</del> <ins>entered</ins> that the <del>offence</del> <ins>offense</ins> might abound. But where sin abounded, grace <del>did</del> <ins>abounded</ins> much <del>more abound:</del> <ins>more,</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 5:21]</b> <del>That</del> <ins>so that</ins> as sin <del>hath</del> reigned <del>unto</del> <ins>in</ins> death, even so <del>might</del> grace <ins>might</ins> reign through righteousness <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> eternal life <del>by</del> <ins>through</ins> Jesus Christ our Lord.</p><p><b>[Romans 6:1]</b> What shall we say then? Shall we continue in <del>sin,</del> <ins>sin</ins> that grace may abound?</p><p><b>[Romans 6:2]</b> <del>God forbid.</del> <ins>Certainly not!</ins> How shall <del>we, that are dead</del> <ins>we who died</ins> to <del>sin,</del> <ins>sin</ins> live any longer <del>therein?</del> <ins>in it?</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 6:3]</b> <del>Know ye not,</del> <ins>Or do you not know</ins> that <del>so</del> <ins>as</ins> many of us as were baptized into <del>Jesus</del> Christ <ins>Jesus</ins> were baptized into <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> death?</p><p><b>[Romans 6:4]</b> Therefore we <del>are</del> <ins>were</ins> buried with <del>him by</del> <ins>Him through</ins> baptism into <del>death:</del> <ins>death,</ins> that <del>like</del> <ins>just</ins> as Christ was raised <del>up</del> from the dead by the glory of the Father, even so we also should walk in newness of life.</p><p><b>[Romans 6:5]</b> For if we have been <del>planted</del> <ins>united</ins> together in the likeness of <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> death, <ins>certainly</ins> we <ins>also</ins> shall be <del>also</del> in the likeness of <del>his resurrection:</del> <ins>His resurrection,</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 6:6]</b> <del>Knowing</del> <ins>knowing</ins> this, that our old man <del>is</del> <ins>was</ins> crucified with <del>him,</del> <ins>Him,</ins> that the body of sin might be <del>destroyed,</del> <ins>done away with,</ins> that <del>henceforth</del> we should <del>not serve</del> <ins>no longer be slaves of</ins> sin.</p><p><b>[Romans 6:7]</b> For he <del>that is dead is</del> <ins>who has died has been</ins> freed from sin.</p><p><b>[Romans 6:8]</b> Now if we <del>be dead</del> <ins>died</ins> with Christ, we believe that we shall also live with <del>him:</del> <ins>Him,</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 6:9]</b> <del>Knowing</del> <ins>knowing</ins> that <del>Christ being</del> <ins>Christ, having been</ins> raised from the <del>dead dieth</del> <ins>dead, dies</ins> no <del>more; death hath</del> <ins>more. Death</ins> no <del>more</del> <ins>longer has</ins> dominion over <del>him.</del> <ins>Him.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 6:10]</b> For <del>in</del> <ins>the death</ins> that <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> died, <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> died <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> sin <del>once:</del> <ins>once for all;</ins> but <del>in</del> <ins>the life</ins> that <del>he liveth, he liveth unto</del> <ins>He lives, He lives to</ins> God.</p><p><b>[Romans 6:11]</b> Likewise <ins>you also,</ins> reckon <del>ye also</del> yourselves to be dead indeed <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> sin, but alive <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> God <del>through Jesus</del> <ins>in</ins> Christ <ins>Jesus</ins> our Lord.</p><p><b>[Romans 6:12]</b> <del>Let</del> <ins>Therefore do</ins> not <ins>let</ins> sin <del>therefore</del> reign in your mortal body, that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> should obey it in <del>the lusts thereof.</del> <ins>its lusts.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 6:13]</b> <del>Neither yield ye</del> <ins>And do not present</ins> your members as instruments of unrighteousness <del>unto sin:</del> <ins>to sin,</ins> but <del>yield</del> <ins>present</ins> yourselves <del>unto God,</del> <ins>to God</ins> as <del>those that are</del> <ins>being</ins> alive from the dead, and your members as instruments of righteousness <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> God.</p><p><b>[Romans 6:14]</b> For sin shall not have dominion over <del>you:</del> <ins>you,</ins> for <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> are not under <del>the law,</del> <ins>law</ins> but under grace.</p><p><b>[Romans 6:15]</b> What then? <del>shall</del> <ins>Shall</ins> we <del>sin,</del> <ins>sin</ins> because we are not under <del>the law,</del> <ins>law</ins> but under grace? <del>God forbid.</del> <ins>Certainly not!</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 6:16]</b> <del>Know ye not,</del> <ins>Do you not know</ins> that to whom <del>ye yield</del> <ins>you present</ins> yourselves <del>servants</del> <ins>slaves</ins> to obey, <del>his servants ye</del> <ins>you</ins> are <del>to</del> <ins>that one's slaves</ins> whom <del>ye obey;</del> <ins>you obey,</ins> whether of sin <del>unto</del> <ins>leading to</ins> death, or of obedience <del>unto</del> <ins>leading to</ins> righteousness?</p><p><b>[Romans 6:17]</b> But God be <del>thanked,</del> <ins>thanked</ins> that <del>ye</del> <ins>though you</ins> were <del>the servants</del> <ins>slaves</ins> of sin, <del>but ye have</del> <ins>yet you</ins> obeyed from the heart that form of doctrine <ins>to</ins> which <del>was delivered you.</del> <ins>you were delivered.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 6:18]</b> <del>Being then made</del> <ins>And having been set</ins> free from sin, <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> became <del>the servants</del> <ins>slaves</ins> of righteousness.</p><p><b>[Romans 6:19]</b> I speak <del>after the manner of men</del> <ins>in human terms</ins> because of the <del>infirmity</del> <ins>weakness</ins> of your <del>flesh: for</del> <ins>flesh. For just</ins> as <del>ye have yielded</del> <ins>you presented</ins> your members <del>servants to uncleanness</del> <ins>as slaves of uncleanness,</ins> and <ins>of lawlessness leading</ins> to <del>iniquity unto iniquity; even</del> <ins>more lawlessness,</ins> so now <del>yield</del> <ins>present</ins> your members <del>servants to</del> <ins>as slaves of</ins> righteousness <del>unto</del> <ins>for</ins> holiness.</p><p><b>[Romans 6:20]</b> For when <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> were <del>the servants</del> <ins>slaves</ins> of sin, <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> were free <del>from</del> <ins>in regard to</ins> righteousness.</p><p><b>[Romans 6:21]</b> What fruit <del>had ye</del> <ins>did you have</ins> then in <del>those</del> <ins>the</ins> things <del>whereof ye</del> <ins>of which you</ins> are now ashamed? <del>for</del> <ins>For</ins> the end of those things is death.</p><p><b>[Romans 6:22]</b> But now <del>being made</del> <ins>having been set</ins> free from sin, and <ins>having</ins> become <del>servants to</del> <ins>slaves of</ins> God, <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> have your fruit <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> holiness, and the <del>end</del> <ins>end,</ins> everlasting life.</p><p><b>[Romans 6:23]</b> For the wages of sin is <del>death;</del> <ins>death,</ins> but the gift of God is eternal life <del>through Jesus</del> <ins>in</ins> Christ <ins>Jesus</ins> our Lord.</p><p><b>[Romans 7:1]</b> <del>Know ye not, brethren,</del> <ins>Or do you not know, brethren</ins> (for I speak to <del>them that</del> <ins>those who</ins> know the <del>law,) how</del> <ins>law),</ins> that the law <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> dominion over a man as long as he <del>liveth?</del> <ins>lives?</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 7:2]</b> For the woman <del>which hath an</del> <ins>who has a</ins> husband is bound by the law to her husband <del>so</del> <ins>as</ins> long as he <del>liveth; but</del> <ins>lives. But</ins> if the husband <del>be dead,</del> <ins>dies,</ins> she is <del>loosed</del> <ins>released</ins> from the law of her husband.</p><p><b>[Romans 7:3]</b> So then if, while her husband <del>liveth,</del> <ins>lives,</ins> she <del>be married to</del> <ins>marries</ins> another man, she <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be called an <del>adulteress:</del> <ins>adulteress;</ins> but if her husband <del>be dead,</del> <ins>dies,</ins> she is free from that <del>law;</del> <ins>law,</ins> so that she is no adulteress, though she <del>be</del> <ins>has</ins> married <del>to</del> another man.</p><p><b>[Romans 7:4]</b> <del>Wherefore,</del> <ins>Therefore,</ins> my brethren, <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> also <del>are</del> <ins>have</ins> become dead to the law <del>by</del> <ins>through</ins> the body of <del>Christ;</del> <ins>Christ,</ins> that <del>ye should</del> <ins>you may</ins> be married to <del>another, even to him</del> <ins>another--to Him</ins> who <del>is</del> <ins>was</ins> raised from the dead, that we should <del>bring forth</del> <ins>bear</ins> fruit <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> God.</p><p><b>[Romans 7:5]</b> For when we were in the flesh, the <del>motions of sins,</del> <ins>sinful passions</ins> which were <ins>aroused</ins> by the <del>law, did</del> <ins>law were at</ins> work in our members to <del>bring forth</del> <ins>bear</ins> fruit <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> death.</p><p><b>[Romans 7:6]</b> But now we <del>are</del> <ins>have been</ins> delivered from the law, <del>that being dead wherein</del> <ins>having died to what</ins> we were <del>held;</del> <ins>held by, so</ins> that we should serve in <ins>the</ins> newness of <del>spirit,</del> <ins>the Spirit</ins> and not in the oldness of the letter.</p><p><b>[Romans 7:7]</b> What shall we say then? Is the law sin? <del>God forbid. Nay, I had not known sin, but by</del> <ins>Certainly not! On</ins> the <del>law: for</del> <ins>contrary,</ins> I <del>had</del> <ins>would</ins> not <ins>have</ins> known <del>lust,</del> <ins>sin</ins> except <ins>through the law. For I would not have known covetousness unless</ins> the law had said, <del>Thou shalt</del> <ins>"You shall</ins> not <del>covet.</del> <ins>covet."</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 7:8]</b> But sin, taking <del>occasion</del> <ins>opportunity</ins> by the commandment, <del>wrought</del> <ins>produced</ins> in me all manner of <del>concupiscence.</del> <ins>evil desire.</ins> For <del>without</del> <ins>apart from</ins> the law sin was dead.</p><p><b>[Romans 7:9]</b> <del>For</del> I was alive <ins>once</ins> without the <del>law once:</del> <ins>law,</ins> but when the commandment came, sin <del>revived,</del> <ins>revived</ins> and I died.</p><p><b>[Romans 7:10]</b> And the commandment, which was <del>ordained</del> to <ins>bring</ins> life, I found to <del>be unto</del> <ins>bring</ins> death.</p><p><b>[Romans 7:11]</b> For sin, taking occasion by the commandment, deceived me, and by it <del>slew</del> <ins>killed</ins> me.</p><p><b>[Romans 7:12]</b> <del>Wherefore</del> <ins>Therefore</ins> the law is holy, and the commandment <del>holy,</del> <ins>holy</ins> and <del>just,</del> <ins>just</ins> and good.</p><p><b>[Romans 7:13]</b> <del>Was</del> <ins>Has</ins> then <del>that which</del> <ins>what</ins> is good <del>made</del> <ins>become</ins> death <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me? <del>God forbid.</del> <ins>Certainly not!</ins> But sin, that it might appear sin, <del>working</del> <ins>was producing</ins> death in me <del>by that which</del> <ins>through what</ins> is <del>good;</del> <ins>good, so</ins> that sin <del>by</del> <ins>through</ins> the commandment might become <del>exceeding</del> <ins>exceedingly</ins> sinful.</p><p><b>[Romans 7:14]</b> For we know that the law is <del>spiritual:</del> <ins>spiritual,</ins> but I am carnal, sold under sin.</p><p><b>[Romans 7:15]</b> For <del>that which I do I allow not: for</del> what I <del>would, that do</del> <ins>am doing,</ins> I <del>not;</del> <ins>do not understand. For what I will to do, that I do not practice;</ins> but what I hate, that <del>do I.</del> <ins>I do.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 7:16]</b> <del>If then</del> <ins>If, then,</ins> I do <del>that which</del> <ins>what</ins> I <del>would not,</del> <ins>will not to do,</ins> I <del>consent unto</del> <ins>agree with</ins> the law that it is good.</p><p><b>[Romans 7:17]</b> <del>Now then</del> <ins>But now,</ins> it is no <del>more</del> <ins>longer</ins> I <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> do it, but sin that <del>dwelleth</del> <ins>dwells</ins> in me.</p><p><b>[Romans 7:18]</b> For I know that in me (that is, in my <del>flesh,) dwelleth no</del> <ins>flesh) nothing</ins> good <del>thing:</del> <ins>dwells;</ins> for to will is present with <del>me;</del> <ins>me,</ins> but how to perform <del>that which</del> <ins>what</ins> is good I <del>find not.</del> <ins>do not find.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 7:19]</b> For the good that I <del>would</del> <ins>will to do,</ins> I do <del>not:</del> <ins>not do;</ins> but the evil <del>which</del> I <del>would not,</del> <ins>will not to do,</ins> that I <del>do.</del> <ins>practice.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 7:20]</b> Now if I do <del>that</del> <ins>what</ins> I <del>would not,</del> <ins>will not to do,</ins> it is no <del>more</del> <ins>longer</ins> I <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> do it, but sin that <del>dwelleth</del> <ins>dwells</ins> in me.</p><p><b>[Romans 7:21]</b> I find then a law, <del>that, when I would do good,</del> <ins>that</ins> evil is present with <del>me.</del> <ins>me, the one who wills to do good.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 7:22]</b> For I delight in the law of God <del>after</del> <ins>according to</ins> the inward <del>man:</del> <ins>man.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 7:24]</b> O wretched man that I am! <del>who shall</del> <ins>Who will</ins> deliver me from <del>the</del> <ins>this</ins> body of <del>this</del> death?</p><p><b>[Romans 7:25]</b> I thank <del>God through</del> <ins>God--through</ins> Jesus Christ our <del>Lord.</del> <ins>Lord!</ins> So <del>then</del> <ins>then,</ins> with the mind I myself serve the law of <del>God;</del> <ins>God,</ins> but with the flesh the law of sin.</p><p><b>[Romans 8:1]</b> There is therefore now no condemnation to <del>them which</del> <ins>those who</ins> are in Christ Jesus, who <del>walk</del> <ins>do</ins> not <del>after</del> <ins>walk according to</ins> the flesh, but <del>after</del> <ins>according to</ins> the Spirit.</p><p><b>[Romans 8:2]</b> For the law of the Spirit of life in Christ Jesus <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> made me free from the law of sin and death.</p><p><b>[Romans 8:3]</b> For what the law could not <del>do,</del> <ins>do</ins> in that it was weak through the flesh, God <ins>did by</ins> sending <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> own Son in the likeness of sinful flesh, <del>and for sin,</del> <ins>on account of sin: He</ins> condemned sin in the <del>flesh:</del> <ins>flesh,</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 8:4]</b> <del>That</del> <ins>that</ins> the <del>righteousness</del> <ins>righteous requirement</ins> of the law might be fulfilled in <del>us,</del> <ins>us</ins> who <del>walk</del> <ins>do</ins> not <del>after</del> <ins>walk according to</ins> the <del>flesh,</del> <ins>flesh</ins> but <del>after</del> <ins>according to</ins> the Spirit.</p><p><b>[Romans 8:5]</b> For <del>they that are after</del> <ins>those who live according to</ins> the flesh <del>do mind</del> <ins>set their minds on</ins> the things of the <del>flesh;</del> <ins>flesh,</ins> but <del>they that are after</del> <ins>those who live according to</ins> the <del>Spirit</del> <ins>Spirit,</ins> the things of the Spirit.</p><p><b>[Romans 8:6]</b> For to be carnally minded is <del>death;</del> <ins>death,</ins> but to be spiritually minded is life and peace.</p><p><b>[Romans 8:7]</b> Because the carnal mind is enmity against <del>God:</del> <ins>God;</ins> for it is not subject to the law of God, <del>neither</del> <ins>nor</ins> indeed can be.</p><p><b>[Romans 8:8]</b> So <del>then they that</del> <ins>then, those who</ins> are in the flesh cannot please God.</p><p><b>[Romans 8:9]</b> But <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> are not in the <del>flesh,</del> <ins>flesh</ins> but in the Spirit, if <del>so be that</del> <ins>indeed</ins> the Spirit of God <del>dwell</del> <ins>dwells</ins> in you. Now if <del>any man have</del> <ins>anyone does</ins> not <ins>have</ins> the Spirit of Christ, he is <del>none of his.</del> <ins>not His.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 8:10]</b> And if Christ <del>be</del> <ins>is</ins> in you, the body is dead because of <del>sin;</del> <ins>sin,</ins> but the Spirit is life because of righteousness.</p><p><b>[Romans 8:11]</b> But if the Spirit of <del>him that</del> <ins>Him who</ins> raised <del>up</del> Jesus from the dead <del>dwell</del> <ins>dwells</ins> in you, <del>he that</del> <ins>He who</ins> raised <del>up</del> Christ from the dead <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> also <del>quicken</del> <ins>give life to</ins> your mortal bodies <del>by his</del> <ins>through His</ins> Spirit <del>that dwelleth</del> <ins>who dwells</ins> in you.</p><p><b>[Romans 8:12]</b> Therefore, brethren, we are <del>debtors, not</del> <ins>debtors--not</ins> to the flesh, to live <del>after</del> <ins>according to</ins> the flesh.</p><p><b>[Romans 8:13]</b> For if <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> live <del>after</del> <ins>according to</ins> the <del>flesh, ye shall die:</del> <ins>flesh you will die;</ins> but if <del>ye through</del> <ins>by</ins> the Spirit <del>do mortify</del> <ins>you put to death</ins> the deeds of the body, <del>ye shall</del> <ins>you will</ins> live.</p><p><b>[Romans 8:14]</b> For as many as are led by the Spirit of God, <del>they</del> <ins>these</ins> are <del>the</del> sons of God.</p><p><b>[Romans 8:15]</b> For <del>ye have</del> <ins>you did</ins> not <del>received</del> <ins>receive</ins> the spirit of bondage again to <del>fear;</del> <ins>fear,</ins> but <del>ye have</del> <ins>you</ins> received the Spirit of <del>adoption, whereby</del> <ins>adoption by whom</ins> we <del>cry, Abba, Father.</del> <ins>cry out, "Abba, Father."</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 8:16]</b> The Spirit <del>itself beareth</del> <ins>Himself bears</ins> witness with our <del>spirit,</del> <ins>spirit</ins> that we are <del>the</del> children of <del>God:</del> <ins>God,</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 8:17]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> if children, then <del>heirs; heirs</del> <ins>heirs--heirs</ins> of <del>God,</del> <ins>God</ins> and <del>joint-heirs</del> <ins>joint heirs</ins> with <del>Christ;</del> <ins>Christ,</ins> if <del>so be that</del> <ins>indeed</ins> we suffer with <del>him,</del> <ins>Him,</ins> that we may <del>be</del> also <ins>be</ins> glorified together.</p><p><b>[Romans 8:18]</b> For I <del>reckon</del> <ins>consider</ins> that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us.</p><p><b>[Romans 8:19]</b> For the earnest expectation of the <del>creature waiteth</del> <ins>creation eagerly waits</ins> for the <del>manifestation</del> <ins>revealing</ins> of the sons of God.</p><p><b>[Romans 8:20]</b> For the <del>creature</del> <ins>creation</ins> was <del>made subject</del> <ins>subjected</ins> to <del>vanity,</del> <ins>futility,</ins> not willingly, but <del>by reason</del> <ins>because</ins> of <del>him</del> <ins>Him</ins> who <del>hath</del> subjected <del>the same</del> <ins>it</ins> in <del>hope,</del> <ins>hope;</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 8:21]</b> <del>Because</del> <ins>because</ins> the <del>creature</del> <ins>creation</ins> itself also <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be delivered from the bondage of corruption into the glorious liberty of the children of God.</p><p><b>[Romans 8:22]</b> For we know that the whole creation <del>groaneth</del> <ins>groans</ins> and <del>travaileth in pain</del> <ins>labors with birth pangs</ins> together until now.</p><p><b>[Romans 8:23]</b> <del>And not</del> <ins>Not</ins> only <del>they,</del> <ins>that,</ins> but <del>ourselves also, which</del> <ins>we also who</ins> have the firstfruits of the Spirit, even we ourselves groan within ourselves, <ins>eagerly</ins> waiting for the adoption, <del>to wit,</del> the redemption of our body.</p><p><b>[Romans 8:24]</b> For we <del>are</del> <ins>were</ins> saved <del>by hope:</del> <ins>in this hope,</ins> but hope that is seen is not <del>hope:</del> <ins>hope; for why does one still hope</ins> for what <del>a man seeth, why doth</del> he <del>yet hope for?</del> <ins>sees?</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 8:25]</b> But if we hope for <del>that</del> <ins>what</ins> we <del>see not, then</del> do <ins>not see,</ins> we <del>with patience</del> <ins>eagerly</ins> wait for <del>it.</del> <ins>it with perseverance.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 8:26]</b> Likewise the Spirit also <del>helpeth</del> <ins>helps in</ins> our <del>infirmities: for</del> <ins>weaknesses. For</ins> we <del>know</del> <ins>do</ins> not <ins>know</ins> what we should pray for as we <del>ought:</del> <ins>ought,</ins> but the Spirit <del>itself maketh</del> <ins>Himself makes</ins> intercession for us with groanings which cannot be uttered.</p><p><b>[Romans 8:27]</b> <del>And he that searcheth</del> <ins>Now He who searches</ins> the hearts <del>knoweth</del> <ins>knows</ins> what <del>is</del> the mind of the <del>Spirit,</del> <ins>Spirit is,</ins> because <del>he maketh</del> <ins>He makes</ins> intercession for the saints according to the will of God.</p><p><b>[Romans 8:28]</b> And we know that all things work together for good to <del>them that</del> <ins>those who</ins> love God, to <del>them</del> <ins>those</ins> who are the called according to <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> purpose.</p><p><b>[Romans 8:29]</b> For whom <del>he did foreknow, he</del> <ins>He foreknew, He</ins> also <del>did predestinate</del> <ins>predestined</ins> to be conformed to the image of <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> Son, that <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> might be the firstborn among many brethren.</p><p><b>[Romans 8:30]</b> Moreover whom <del>he did predestinate, them he</del> <ins>He predestined, these He</ins> also <del>called:</del> <ins>called; whom He called, these He also justified;</ins> and whom <del>he called, them he also justified: and whom he</del> <ins>He</ins> justified, <del>them he</del> <ins>these He</ins> also glorified.</p><p><b>[Romans 8:31]</b> What <ins>then</ins> shall we <del>then</del> say to these things? If God <del>be</del> <ins>is</ins> for us, who can be against us?</p><p><b>[Romans 8:32]</b> He <del>that spared</del> <ins>who did</ins> not <del>his</del> <ins>spare His</ins> own Son, but delivered <del>him</del> <ins>Him</ins> up for us all, how shall <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> not with <del>him</del> <ins>Him</ins> also freely give us all things?</p><p><b>[Romans 8:33]</b> Who shall <del>lay any thing to the</del> <ins>bring a</ins> charge <del>of</del> <ins>against</ins> God's elect? It is God <del>that justifieth.</del> <ins>who justifies.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 8:34]</b> Who is he <del>that condemneth?</del> <ins>who condemns?</ins> It is Christ <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> died, <del>yea rather, that</del> <ins>and furthermore</ins> is <del>risen again,</del> <ins>also risen,</ins> who is even at the right hand of God, who also <del>maketh</del> <ins>makes</ins> intercession for us.</p><p><b>[Romans 8:35]</b> Who shall separate us from the love of Christ? <del>shall</del> <ins>Shall</ins> tribulation, or distress, or persecution, or famine, or nakedness, or peril, or sword?</p><p><b>[Romans 8:36]</b> As it is <del>written, For thy</del> <ins>written: "For Your</ins> sake we are killed all <del>the</del> day long; <del>we</del> <ins>We</ins> are accounted as sheep for the <del>slaughter.</del> <ins>slaughter."</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 8:37]</b> <del>Nay,</del> <ins>Yet</ins> in all these things we are more than conquerors through <del>him that</del> <ins>Him who</ins> loved us.</p><p><b>[Romans 8:38]</b> For I am <del>persuaded,</del> <ins>persuaded</ins> that neither <del>death,</del> <ins>death</ins> nor life, nor <del>angels,</del> <ins>angels</ins> nor <del>principalities,</del> <ins>principalities</ins> nor powers, nor things <del>present,</del> <ins>present</ins> nor things to come,</p><p><b>[Romans 8:39]</b> <del>Nor height,</del> <ins>nor height</ins> nor depth, nor any other <del>creature,</del> <ins>created thing,</ins> shall be able to separate us from the love of <del>God,</del> <ins>God</ins> which is in Christ Jesus our Lord.</p><p><b>[Romans 9:1]</b> I <del>say</del> <ins>tell</ins> the truth in Christ, I <del>lie not,</del> <ins>am not lying,</ins> my conscience also bearing me witness in the Holy <del>Ghost,</del> <ins>Spirit,</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 9:2]</b> <del>That</del> <ins>that</ins> I have great <del>heaviness</del> <ins>sorrow</ins> and continual <del>sorrow</del> <ins>grief</ins> in my heart.</p><p><b>[Romans 9:3]</b> For I could wish that <ins>I</ins> myself were accursed from Christ for my brethren, my <del>kinsmen</del> <ins>countrymen</ins> according to the <del>flesh:</del> <ins>flesh,</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 9:4]</b> <del>Who</del> <ins>who</ins> are <del>Israelites;</del> <ins>Israelites,</ins> to whom <del>pertaineth</del> <ins>pertain</ins> the adoption, <del>and</del> the glory, <del>and</del> the covenants, <del>and</del> the giving of the law, <del>and</del> the service of God, and the promises;</p><p><b>[Romans 9:5]</b> <del>Whose are the fathers, and</del> of whom <del>as concerning</del> <ins>are</ins> the <del>flesh</del> <ins>fathers and from whom, according to the flesh,</ins> Christ came, who is over all, <del>God</del> <ins>the eternally</ins> blessed <del>for ever.</del> <ins>God.</ins> Amen.</p><p><b>[Romans 9:6]</b> <del>Not as though</del> <ins>But it is not that</ins> the word of God <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> taken <del>none</del> <ins>no</ins> effect. For they are not all <del>Israel, which</del> <ins>Israel who</ins> are of <del>Israel:</del> <ins>Israel,</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 9:7]</b> <del>Neither,</del> <ins>nor are they all children</ins> because they are the seed of <del>Abraham, are they all children:</del> <ins>Abraham;</ins> but, <del>In</del> <ins>"In</ins> Isaac <del>shall thy</del> <ins>your</ins> seed <ins>shall</ins> be <del>called.</del> <ins>called."</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 9:8]</b> That is, <del>They which</del> <ins>those who</ins> are the children of the flesh, these are not the children of <del>God:</del> <ins>God;</ins> but the children of the promise are counted <del>for</del> <ins>as</ins> the seed.</p><p><b>[Romans 9:9]</b> For this is the word of <del>promise, At</del> <ins>promise: "At</ins> this time <del>will</del> I <del>come,</del> <ins>will come</ins> and Sarah shall have a <del>son.</del> <ins>son."</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 9:10]</b> And not only <del>this;</del> <ins>this,</ins> but when Rebecca also had conceived by <del>one,</del> <ins>one man,</ins> even by our father <del>Isaac;</del> <ins>Isaac</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 9:11]</b> <del>(For</del> <ins>(for</ins> the children <del>being</del> not yet <ins>being</ins> born, <del>neither</del> <ins>nor</ins> having done any good or evil, that the purpose of God according to election might stand, not of <del>works,</del> <ins>works</ins> but of <del>him that calleth;)</del> <ins>Him who calls),</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 9:12]</b> <del>It</del> <ins>it</ins> was said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> her, <del>The elder</del> <ins>"The older</ins> shall serve the <del>younger.</del> <ins>younger."</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 9:13]</b> As it is written, <del>Jacob have</del> <ins>"Jacob</ins> I <ins>have</ins> loved, but Esau <del>have</del> I <del>hated.</del> <ins>have hated."</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 9:14]</b> What shall we say then? Is there unrighteousness with God? <del>God forbid.</del> <ins>Certainly not!</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 9:15]</b> For <del>he saith</del> <ins>He says</ins> to Moses, <del>I</del> <ins>"I</ins> will have mercy on <del>whom</del> <ins>whomever</ins> I will have mercy, and I will have compassion on <del>whom</del> <ins>whomever</ins> I will have <del>compassion.</del> <ins>compassion."</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 9:16]</b> So then it is not of him <del>that willeth,</del> <ins>who wills,</ins> nor of him <del>that runneth,</del> <ins>who runs,</ins> but of God <del>that sheweth</del> <ins>who shows</ins> mercy.</p><p><b>[Romans 9:17]</b> For the <del>scripture saith unto</del> <ins>Scripture says to the</ins> Pharaoh, <del>Even for</del> <ins>"For</ins> this <del>same</del> <ins>very</ins> purpose <del>have</del> I <ins>have</ins> raised <del>thee</del> <ins>you</ins> up, that I <del>might shew my</del> <ins>may show My</ins> power in <del>thee,</del> <ins>you,</ins> and that <del>my</del> <ins>My</ins> name <del>might</del> <ins>may</ins> be declared <del>throughout</del> <ins>in</ins> all the <del>earth.</del> <ins>earth."</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 9:18]</b> Therefore <del>hath he</del> <ins>He has</ins> mercy on whom <del>he will have mercy,</del> <ins>He wills,</ins> and whom <del>he will he hardeneth.</del> <ins>He wills He hardens.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 9:19]</b> <del>Thou wilt</del> <ins>You will</ins> say <del>then unto me, Why doth he yet</del> <ins>to me then, "Why does He still</ins> find fault? For who <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> resisted <del>his will?</del> <ins>His will?"</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 9:20]</b> <del>Nay but,</del> <ins>But indeed,</ins> O man, who <del>art thou that repliest</del> <ins>are you to reply</ins> against God? <del>Shall</del> <ins>Will</ins> the thing formed say to him <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> formed it, <del>Why hast thou</del> <ins>"Why have you</ins> made me <del>thus?</del> <ins>like this?"</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 9:21]</b> <del>Hath</del> <ins>Does</ins> not the potter <ins>have</ins> power over the clay, <del>of</del> <ins>from</ins> the same lump to make one vessel <del>unto honour,</del> <ins>for honor</ins> and another <del>unto dishonour?</del> <ins>for dishonor?</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 9:22]</b> What if God, <del>willing</del> <ins>wanting</ins> to <del>shew his wrath,</del> <ins>show His wrath</ins> and to make <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> power known, endured with much longsuffering the vessels of wrath <del>fitted to destruction:</del> <ins>prepared for destruction,</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 9:23]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> that <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> might make known the riches of <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> glory on the vessels of mercy, which <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> had <del>afore</del> prepared <del>unto</del> <ins>beforehand for</ins> glory,</p><p><b>[Romans 9:24]</b> <del>Even us,</del> <ins>even us</ins> whom <del>he hath</del> <ins>He</ins> called, not of the Jews only, but also of the Gentiles?</p><p><b>[Romans 9:25]</b> As <del>he saith</del> <ins>He says</ins> also in <del>Osee, I</del> <ins>Hosea: "I</ins> will call them <del>my</del> <ins>My</ins> people, <del>which</del> <ins>who</ins> were not <del>my people; and</del> <ins>My people, And</ins> her beloved, <del>which</del> <ins>who</ins> was not <del>beloved.</del> <ins>beloved."</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 9:26]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>"And</ins> it shall come to <del>pass, that</del> <ins>pass</ins> in the place where it was said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> them, <del>Ye</del> <ins>"You</ins> are not <del>my people; there shall</del> <ins>My people,' There</ins> they <ins>shall</ins> be called <del>the children</del> <ins>sons</ins> of the living <del>God.</del> <ins>God."</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 9:27]</b> <del>Esaias</del> <ins>Isaiah</ins> also <del>crieth</del> <ins>cries out</ins> concerning <del>Israel, Though</del> <ins>Israel: "Though</ins> the number of the children of Israel be as the sand of the sea, <del>a</del> <ins>The</ins> remnant <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be <del>saved:</del> <ins>saved.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 9:28]</b> For <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> will finish the <del>work,</del> <ins>work</ins> and cut it short in <del>righteousness: because</del> <ins>righteousness, Because the LORD will make</ins> a short work <del>will the Lord make</del> upon the <del>earth.</del> <ins>earth."</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 9:29]</b> And as <del>Esaias</del> <ins>Isaiah</ins> said <del>before, Except</del> <ins>before: "Unless</ins> the <del>Lord</del> <ins>LORD</ins> of Sabaoth had left us a seed, <ins>We would have become like Sodom, And</ins> we <del>had been as Sodoma, and</del> <ins>would have</ins> been made like <del>unto Gomorrha.</del> <ins>Gomorrah."</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 9:30]</b> What shall we say then? That <del>the</del> Gentiles, <del>which followed</del> <ins>who did</ins> not <del>after</del> <ins>pursue</ins> righteousness, have attained to righteousness, even the righteousness <del>which is</del> of <del>faith.</del> <ins>faith;</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 9:31]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>but</ins> Israel, <del>which followed after</del> <ins>pursuing</ins> the law of righteousness, <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> not attained to the law of righteousness.</p><p><b>[Romans 9:32]</b> <del>Wherefore?</del> <ins>Why?</ins> Because they <del>sought it</del> <ins>did</ins> not <ins>seek it</ins> by faith, but as it <del>were</del> <ins>were,</ins> by the works of the law. For they stumbled at that <del>stumblingstone;</del> <ins>stumbling stone.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 9:33]</b> As it is <del>written, Behold,</del> <ins>written: "Behold,</ins> I lay in <del>Sion</del> <ins>Zion</ins> a <del>stumblingstone</del> <ins>stumbling stone</ins> and rock of <del>offence: and whosoever believeth</del> <ins>offense, And whoever believes</ins> on <del>him shall</del> <ins>Him will</ins> not be <del>ashamed.</del> <ins>put to shame."</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 10:1]</b> Brethren, my heart's desire and prayer to God for Israel <del>is,</del> <ins>is</ins> that they <del>might</del> <ins>may</ins> be saved.</p><p><b>[Romans 10:2]</b> For I bear them <del>record</del> <ins>witness</ins> that they have a zeal <del>of</del> <ins>for</ins> God, but not according to knowledge.</p><p><b>[Romans 10:3]</b> For they being ignorant of God's righteousness, and <del>going about</del> <ins>seeking</ins> to establish their own righteousness, have not submitted <del>themselves unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the righteousness of God.</p><p><b>[Romans 10:4]</b> For Christ is the end of the law for righteousness to <del>every one that believeth.</del> <ins>everyone who believes.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 10:5]</b> For Moses <del>describeth</del> <ins>writes about</ins> the righteousness which is of the law, <del>That the</del> <ins>"The</ins> man <del>which doeth</del> <ins>who does</ins> those things shall live by <del>them.</del> <ins>them."</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 10:6]</b> But the righteousness <del>which is</del> of faith <del>speaketh on this wise, Say not</del> <ins>speaks</ins> in <del>thine</del> <ins>this way, "Do not say in your</ins> heart, <del>Who shall</del> <ins>"Who will</ins> ascend into <del>heaven?</del> <ins>heaven?"'</ins> (that is, to bring Christ down from <del>above:)</del> <ins>above)</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 10:7]</b> <del>Or,</del> <ins>or,</ins> Who <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> descend into the <del>deep?</del> <ins>abyss?"'</ins> (that is, to bring <del>up</del> Christ <del>again</del> <ins>up</ins> from the <del>dead.)</del> <ins>dead).</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 10:8]</b> But what <del>saith it? The</del> <ins>does it say? "The</ins> word is <del>nigh thee, even</del> <ins>near you,</ins> in <del>thy mouth,</del> <ins>your mouth</ins> and in <del>thy heart: that</del> <ins>your heart" (that</ins> is, the word of <del>faith,</del> <ins>faith</ins> which we <del>preach;</del> <ins>preach):</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 10:9]</b> <del>That</del> <ins>that</ins> if <del>thou shalt</del> <ins>you</ins> confess with <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> mouth the Lord <del>Jesus,</del> <ins>Jesus</ins> and <del>shalt</del> believe in <del>thine</del> <ins>your</ins> heart that God <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> raised <del>him</del> <ins>Him</ins> from the dead, <del>thou shalt</del> <ins>you will</ins> be saved.</p><p><b>[Romans 10:10]</b> For with the heart <del>man believeth</del> <ins>one believes</ins> unto <del>righteousness;</del> <ins>righteousness,</ins> and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation.</p><p><b>[Romans 10:11]</b> For the <del>scripture saith, Whosoever believeth</del> <ins>Scripture says, "Whoever believes</ins> on <del>him shall</del> <ins>Him will</ins> not be <del>ashamed.</del> <ins>put to shame."</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 10:12]</b> For there is no <del>difference</del> <ins>distinction</ins> between <del>the</del> Jew and <del>the Greek:</del> <ins>Greek,</ins> for the same Lord over all is rich <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> all <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> call upon <del>him.</del> <ins>Him.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 10:13]</b> For <del>whosoever shall call upon</del> <ins>"whoever calls on</ins> the name of the <del>Lord</del> <ins>LORD</ins> shall be <del>saved.</del> <ins>saved."</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 10:14]</b> How then shall they call on <del>him</del> <ins>Him</ins> in whom they have not believed? <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> how shall they believe in <del>him</del> <ins>Him</ins> of whom they have not heard? <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> how shall they hear without a preacher?</p><p><b>[Romans 10:15]</b> And how shall they <del>preach, except</del> <ins>preach unless</ins> they <del>be</del> <ins>are</ins> sent? <del>as</del> <ins>As</ins> it is <del>written, How</del> <ins>written: "How</ins> beautiful are the feet of <del>them that</del> <ins>those who</ins> preach the gospel of peace, <del>and</del> <ins>Who</ins> bring glad tidings of good <del>things!</del> <ins>things!"</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 10:16]</b> But they have not all obeyed the gospel. For <del>Esaias saith, Lord,</del> <ins>Isaiah says, "LORD,</ins> who <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> believed our <del>report?</del> <ins>report?"</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 10:17]</b> So then faith <del>cometh</del> <ins>comes</ins> by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.</p><p><b>[Romans 10:18]</b> But I say, <del>Have</del> <ins>have</ins> they not heard? Yes <del>verily, their</del> <ins>indeed: "Their</ins> sound <del>went into</del> <ins>has gone out to</ins> all the earth, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> their words <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the ends of the <del>world.</del> <ins>world."</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 10:19]</b> But I say, <del>Did not</del> <ins>did</ins> Israel <ins>not</ins> know? First Moses <del>saith, I</del> <ins>says: "I</ins> will provoke you to jealousy by <del>them that</del> <ins>those who</ins> are <del>no people, and</del> <ins>not a nation, I will move you to anger</ins> by a foolish <del>nation I will anger you.</del> <ins>nation."</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 10:20]</b> But <del>Esaias</del> <ins>Isaiah</ins> is very <del>bold,</del> <ins>bold</ins> and <del>saith, I</del> <ins>says: "I</ins> was found <del>of them that sought me not;</del> <ins>by those who did not seek Me;</ins> I was made manifest <del>unto them that asked</del> <ins>to those who did</ins> not <del>after me.</del> <ins>ask for Me."</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 10:21]</b> But to Israel he <del>saith, All</del> <ins>says: "All</ins> day long I have stretched <del>forth my</del> <ins>out My</ins> hands <del>unto</del> <ins>To</ins> a disobedient and <del>gainsaying people.</del> <ins>contrary people."</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 11:1]</b> I say then, <del>Hath</del> <ins>has</ins> God cast away <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> people? <del>God forbid.</del> <ins>Certainly not!</ins> For I also am an Israelite, of the seed of Abraham, of the tribe of Benjamin.</p><p><b>[Romans 11:2]</b> God <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> not cast away <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> people <del>which he</del> <ins>whom He</ins> foreknew. <del>Wot ye</del> <ins>Or do you</ins> not <ins>know</ins> what the <del>scripture saith</del> <ins>Scripture says</ins> of <del>Elias?</del> <ins>Elijah,</ins> how he <del>maketh intercession to</del> <ins>pleads with</ins> God against <del>Israel</del> <ins>Israel,</ins> saying,</p><p><b>[Romans 11:3]</b> <del>Lord,</del> <ins>"LORD,</ins> they have killed <del>thy prophets,</del> <ins>Your prophets</ins> and <del>digged</del> <ins>torn</ins> down <del>thine altars;</del> <ins>Your altars,</ins> and I <ins>alone</ins> am <del>left alone,</del> <ins>left,</ins> and they seek my <del>life.</del> <ins>life"?</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 11:4]</b> But what <del>saith</del> <ins>does</ins> the <del>answer of God unto</del> <ins>divine response say to</ins> him? <del>I</del> <ins>"I</ins> have reserved <del>to myself</del> <ins>for Myself</ins> seven thousand <del>men,</del> <ins>men</ins> who have not bowed the knee to <del>the image of Baal.</del> <ins>Baal."</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 11:5]</b> Even so <del>then</del> <ins>then,</ins> at this present time <del>also</del> there is a remnant according to the election of grace.</p><p><b>[Romans 11:6]</b> And if by grace, then <del>is</del> it <ins>is</ins> no <del>more</del> <ins>longer</ins> of <del>works:</del> <ins>works;</ins> otherwise grace is no <del>more</del> <ins>longer</ins> grace. But if it <del>be</del> <ins>is</ins> of works, <del>then</del> it is no <del>more grace:</del> <ins>longer grace;</ins> otherwise work is no <del>more</del> <ins>longer</ins> work.</p><p><b>[Romans 11:7]</b> What then? Israel <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> not obtained <del>that which he seeketh for;</del> <ins>what it seeks;</ins> but the <del>election hath</del> <ins>elect have</ins> obtained it, and the rest were blinded.</p><p><b>[Romans 11:8]</b> <del>(According</del> <ins>Just</ins> as it is <del>written, God hath</del> <ins>written: "God has</ins> given them <del>the</del> <ins>a</ins> spirit of <del>slumber, eyes</del> <ins>stupor, Eyes</ins> that they should not <del>see, and</del> <ins>see And</ins> ears that they should not <del>hear;) unto</del> <ins>hear, To</ins> this <del>day.</del> <ins>very day."</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 11:9]</b> And David <del>saith, Let</del> <ins>says: "Let</ins> their table <del>be made</del> <ins>become</ins> a <del>snare,</del> <ins>snare</ins> and a trap, <ins>A stumbling block</ins> and a <del>stumblingblock, and a recompence unto them:</del> <ins>recompense to them.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 11:10]</b> Let their eyes be darkened, <ins>so</ins> that they <del>may</del> <ins>do</ins> not see, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> bow down their back <del>alway.</del> <ins>always."</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 11:11]</b> I say then, <del>Have</del> <ins>have</ins> they stumbled that they should fall? <del>God forbid: but rather</del> <ins>Certainly not! But</ins> through their <del>fall salvation is come unto the Gentiles, for</del> <ins>fall,</ins> to provoke them to <del>jealousy.</del> <ins>jealousy, salvation has come to the Gentiles.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 11:12]</b> Now if <del>the</del> <ins>their</ins> fall <del>of them be the</del> <ins>is</ins> riches <del>of</del> <ins>for</ins> the world, and <del>the diminishing of them the</del> <ins>their failure</ins> riches <del>of</del> <ins>for</ins> the <del>Gentiles;</del> <ins>Gentiles,</ins> how much more their <del>fulness?</del> <ins>fullness!</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 11:13]</b> For I speak to you <del>Gentiles,</del> <ins>Gentiles;</ins> inasmuch as I am <del>the</del> <ins>an</ins> apostle <del>of</del> <ins>to</ins> the Gentiles, I magnify <del>mine office:</del> <ins>my ministry,</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 11:14]</b> <del>If</del> <ins>if</ins> by any means I may provoke to <del>emulation them which</del> <ins>jealousy those who</ins> are my <del>flesh,</del> <ins>flesh</ins> and <del>might</del> save some of them.</p><p><b>[Romans 11:15]</b> For if <del>the casting</del> <ins>their being cast</ins> away <del>of them be</del> <ins>is</ins> the reconciling of the world, what <del>shall the receiving of them be,</del> <ins>will their acceptance be</ins> but life from the dead?</p><p><b>[Romans 11:16]</b> For if the firstfruit <del>be</del> <ins>is</ins> holy, the lump is also <del>holy:</del> <ins>holy;</ins> and if the root <del>be</del> <ins>is</ins> holy, so are the branches.</p><p><b>[Romans 11:17]</b> And if some of the branches <del>be</del> <ins>were</ins> broken off, and <del>thou,</del> <ins>you,</ins> being a wild olive tree, <del>wert</del> <ins>were</ins> grafted in among them, and with them <del>partakest</del> <ins>became a partaker</ins> of the root and fatness of the olive <del>tree;</del> <ins>tree,</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 11:18]</b> <del>Boast</del> <ins>do</ins> not <ins>boast</ins> against the branches. But if <del>thou</del> <ins>you do</ins> boast, <del>thou bearest</del> <ins>remember that you do</ins> not <ins>support</ins> the root, but the root <del>thee.</del> <ins>supports you.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 11:19]</b> <del>Thou wilt</del> <ins>You will</ins> say then, <del>The branches</del> <ins>"Branches</ins> were broken <del>off,</del> <ins>off</ins> that I might be grafted <del>in.</del> <ins>in."</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 11:20]</b> <del>Well; because</del> <ins>Well said. Because</ins> of unbelief they were broken off, and <del>thou standest</del> <ins>you stand</ins> by faith. <del>Be</del> <ins>Do</ins> not <del>highminded,</del> <ins>be haughty,</ins> but <del>fear:</del> <ins>fear.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 11:21]</b> For if God <del>spared</del> <ins>did</ins> not <ins>spare</ins> the natural branches, <del>take heed lest he also spare</del> <ins>He may</ins> not <del>thee.</del> <ins>spare you either.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 11:22]</b> <del>Behold therefore</del> <ins>Therefore consider</ins> the goodness and severity of God: on <del>them which</del> <ins>those who</ins> fell, severity; but toward <del>thee,</del> <ins>you,</ins> goodness, if <del>thou</del> <ins>you</ins> continue in <del>his goodness: otherwise thou</del> <ins>His goodness. Otherwise you</ins> also <del>shalt</del> <ins>will</ins> be cut off.</p><p><b>[Romans 11:23]</b> And they also, if they <del>abide</del> <ins>do</ins> not <del>still</del> <ins>continue</ins> in unbelief, <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be grafted <del>in:</del> <ins>in,</ins> for God is able to <del>graff</del> <ins>graft</ins> them in again.</p><p><b>[Romans 11:24]</b> For if <del>thou wert</del> <ins>you were</ins> cut out of the olive tree which is wild by nature, and <del>wert</del> <ins>were</ins> grafted contrary to nature into a <del>good</del> <ins>cultivated</ins> olive <del>tree:</del> <ins>tree,</ins> how much more <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> these, <del>which be the</del> <ins>who are</ins> natural branches, be grafted into their own olive tree?</p><p><b>[Romans 11:25]</b> For I <del>would not,</del> <ins>do not desire,</ins> brethren, that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> should be ignorant of this mystery, lest <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> should be wise in your own <del>conceits;</del> <ins>opinion,</ins> that blindness in part <del>is</del> <ins>has</ins> happened to <del>Israel,</del> <ins>Israel</ins> until the <del>fulness</del> <ins>fullness</ins> of the Gentiles <del>be</del> <ins>has</ins> come in.</p><p><b>[Romans 11:26]</b> And so all Israel <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be <del>saved:</del> <ins>saved,</ins> as it is <del>written, There shall</del> <ins>written: "The Deliverer will</ins> come out of <del>Sion the Deliverer, and shall</del> <ins>Zion, And He will</ins> turn away ungodliness from <del>Jacob:</del> <ins>Jacob;</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 11:27]</b> For this is <del>my</del> <ins>My</ins> covenant <del>unto</del> <ins>with</ins> them, <del>when</del> <ins>When</ins> I <del>shall</del> take away their <del>sins.</del> <ins>sins."</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 11:28]</b> <del>As concerning</del> <ins>Concerning</ins> the <del>gospel,</del> <ins>gospel</ins> they are enemies for your <del>sakes:</del> <ins>sake,</ins> but <del>as touching</del> <ins>concerning</ins> the <del>election,</del> <ins>election</ins> they are beloved for the <del>father's sakes.</del> <ins>sake of the fathers.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 11:29]</b> For the gifts and <ins>the</ins> calling of God are <del>without repentance.</del> <ins>irrevocable.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 11:30]</b> For as <del>ye in times past have not believed</del> <ins>you were once disobedient to</ins> God, yet have now obtained mercy through their <del>unbelief:</del> <ins>disobedience,</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 11:31]</b> <del>Even</del> <ins>even</ins> so <del>have</del> these also <ins>have</ins> now <del>not believed,</del> <ins>been disobedient,</ins> that through <del>your</del> <ins>the</ins> mercy <ins>shown you</ins> they also may obtain mercy.</p><p><b>[Romans 11:32]</b> For God <del>hath concluded</del> <ins>has committed</ins> them all <del>in unbelief,</del> <ins>to disobedience,</ins> that <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> might have mercy <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> all.</p><p><b>[Romans 11:33]</b> <del>O</del> <ins>Oh,</ins> the depth of the riches both of the wisdom and knowledge of God! <del>how</del> <ins>How</ins> unsearchable are <del>his judgments,</del> <ins>His judgments</ins> and <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> ways past finding out!</p><p><b>[Romans 11:34]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>"For</ins> who <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> known the mind of the <del>Lord? or</del> <ins>LORD? Or</ins> who <del>hath been his counsellor?</del> <ins>has become His counselor?"</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 11:35]</b> <del>Or</del> <ins>"Or</ins> who <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> first given to <del>him, and</del> <ins>Him And</ins> it shall be <del>recompensed unto him again?</del> <ins>repaid to him?"</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 11:36]</b> For of <del>him,</del> <ins>Him</ins> and through <del>him,</del> <ins>Him</ins> and to <del>him,</del> <ins>Him</ins> are all <del>things:</del> <ins>things,</ins> to whom be glory <del>for ever.</del> <ins>forever.</ins> Amen.</p><p><b>[Romans 12:1]</b> I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> God, which is your reasonable service.</p><p><b>[Romans 12:2]</b> And <del>be</del> <ins>do</ins> not <ins>be</ins> conformed to this <del>world:</del> <ins>world,</ins> but be <del>ye</del> transformed by the renewing of your mind, that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> may prove what is that <del>good,</del> <ins>good</ins> and <del>acceptable,</del> <ins>acceptable</ins> and <del>perfect,</del> <ins>perfect</ins> will of God.</p><p><b>[Romans 12:3]</b> For I say, through the grace given <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me, to <del>every man that</del> <ins>everyone who</ins> is among you, not to think of himself more highly than he ought to <del>think;</del> <ins>think,</ins> but to think soberly, <del>according</del> as God <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> dealt to <del>every man the</del> <ins>each one a</ins> measure of faith.</p><p><b>[Romans 12:4]</b> For as we have many members in one body, <del>and</del> <ins>but</ins> all <ins>the</ins> members <del>have</del> <ins>do</ins> not <ins>have</ins> the same <del>office:</del> <ins>function,</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 12:5]</b> <del>So</del> <ins>so</ins> we, being many, are one body in Christ, and <del>every one</del> <ins>individually</ins> members <del>one</del> of <ins>one</ins> another.</p><p><b>[Romans 12:6]</b> Having then gifts differing according to the grace that is given to us, <del>whether</del> <ins>let us use them: if</ins> prophecy, let us prophesy <del>according to the</del> <ins>in</ins> proportion <del>of</del> <ins>to our</ins> faith;</p><p><b>[Romans 12:7]</b> <del>Or</del> <ins>or</ins> ministry, let us <del>wait on</del> <ins>use it in</ins> our <del>ministering: or</del> <ins>ministering;</ins> he <del>that teacheth, on</del> <ins>who teaches, in</ins> teaching;</p><p><b>[Romans 12:8]</b> <del>Or</del> he <del>that exhorteth, on exhortation:</del> <ins>who exhorts, in exhortation;</ins> he <del>that giveth, let him do it</del> <ins>who gives,</ins> with <del>simplicity;</del> <ins>liberality;</ins> he <del>that ruleth,</del> <ins>who leads,</ins> with diligence; he <del>that sheweth</del> <ins>who shows</ins> mercy, with cheerfulness.</p><p><b>[Romans 12:9]</b> Let love be without <del>dissimulation.</del> <ins>hypocrisy.</ins> Abhor <del>that which</del> <ins>what</ins> is <del>evil; cleave</del> <ins>evil. Cling</ins> to <del>that which</del> <ins>what</ins> is good.</p><p><b>[Romans 12:10]</b> Be kindly <del>affectioned one</del> <ins>affectionate</ins> to <ins>one</ins> another with brotherly <del>love;</del> <ins>love,</ins> in <del>honour preferring</del> <ins>honor giving preference to</ins> one another;</p><p><b>[Romans 12:11]</b> <del>Not slothful</del> <ins>not lagging</ins> in <del>business;</del> <ins>diligence,</ins> fervent in <del>spirit;</del> <ins>spirit,</ins> serving the Lord;</p><p><b>[Romans 12:12]</b> <del>Rejoicing</del> <ins>rejoicing</ins> in <del>hope;</del> <ins>hope,</ins> patient in <del>tribulation;</del> <ins>tribulation,</ins> continuing <del>instant</del> <ins>steadfastly</ins> in prayer;</p><p><b>[Romans 12:13]</b> <del>Distributing</del> <ins>distributing</ins> to the <del>necessity</del> <ins>needs</ins> of <del>saints;</del> <ins>the saints,</ins> given to hospitality.</p><p><b>[Romans 12:14]</b> Bless <del>them which</del> <ins>those who</ins> persecute <del>you: bless,</del> <ins>you; bless</ins> and <del>curse not.</del> <ins>do not curse.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 12:15]</b> Rejoice with <del>them that do</del> <ins>those who</ins> rejoice, and weep with <del>them that</del> <ins>those who</ins> weep.</p><p><b>[Romans 12:16]</b> Be of the same mind <del>one</del> toward <ins>one</ins> another. <del>Mind</del> <ins>Do</ins> not <ins>set your mind on</ins> high things, but <del>condescend to men of low estate. Be</del> <ins>associate with the humble. Do</ins> not <ins>be</ins> wise in your own <del>conceits.</del> <ins>opinion.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 12:17]</b> <del>Recompense to</del> <ins>Repay</ins> no <del>man</del> <ins>one</ins> evil for evil. <del>Provide</del> <ins>Have regard for good</ins> things <del>honest</del> in the sight of all men.</p><p><b>[Romans 12:18]</b> If it <del>be</del> <ins>is</ins> possible, as much as <del>lieth in</del> <ins>depends on</ins> you, live peaceably with all men.</p><p><b>[Romans 12:19]</b> <del>Dearly beloved, avenge</del> <ins>Beloved, do</ins> not <ins>avenge</ins> yourselves, but rather give place <del>unto wrath:</del> <ins>to wrath;</ins> for it is written, <del>Vengeance</del> <ins>"Vengeance</ins> is <del>mine;</del> <ins>Mine,</ins> I will <del>repay, saith</del> <ins>repay," says</ins> the Lord.</p><p><b>[Romans 12:20]</b> Therefore <del>if thine</del> <ins>"If your</ins> enemy <del>hunger,</del> <ins>is hungry,</ins> feed him; <del>if</del> <ins>If</ins> he <del>thirst,</del> <ins>is thirsty,</ins> give him <del>drink: for</del> <ins>a drink; For</ins> in so doing <del>thou shalt</del> <ins>you will</ins> heap coals of fire on his <del>head.</del> <ins>head."</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 12:21]</b> <del>Be</del> <ins>Do</ins> not <ins>be</ins> overcome <del>of</del> <ins>by</ins> evil, but overcome evil with good.</p><p><b>[Romans 13:1]</b> Let every soul be subject <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>higher powers.</del> <ins>governing authorities.</ins> For there is no <del>power but of God:</del> <ins>authority except from God, and</ins> the <del>powers</del> <ins>authorities</ins> that <del>be</del> <ins>exist</ins> are <del>ordained of</del> <ins>appointed by</ins> God.</p><p><b>[Romans 13:2]</b> <del>Whosoever therefore resisteth</del> <ins>Therefore whoever resists</ins> the <del>power, resisteth</del> <ins>authority resists</ins> the ordinance of <del>God:</del> <ins>God,</ins> and <del>they that</del> <ins>those who</ins> resist <del>shall receive to themselves damnation.</del> <ins>will bring judgment on themselves.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 13:3]</b> For rulers are not a terror to good works, but to <del>the</del> evil. <del>Wilt thou then not</del> <ins>Do you want to</ins> be <del>afraid</del> <ins>unafraid</ins> of the <del>power? do that which</del> <ins>authority? Do what</ins> is good, and <del>thou shalt</del> <ins>you will</ins> have praise <del>of</del> <ins>from</ins> the <del>same:</del> <ins>same.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 13:4]</b> For he is <del>the</del> <ins>God's</ins> minister <del>of God</del> to <del>thee</del> <ins>you</ins> for good. But if <del>thou</del> <ins>you</ins> do <del>that which is</del> evil, be afraid; for he <del>beareth</del> <ins>does</ins> not <ins>bear</ins> the sword in <del>vain:</del> <ins>vain;</ins> for he is <del>the minister of God, a revenger</del> <ins>God's minister, an avenger</ins> to execute wrath <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> him <del>that doeth</del> <ins>who practices</ins> evil.</p><p><b>[Romans 13:5]</b> <del>Wherefore ye</del> <ins>Therefore you</ins> must <del>needs</del> be subject, not only <del>for wrath,</del> <ins>because of wrath</ins> but also for <del>conscience</del> <ins>conscience'</ins> sake.</p><p><b>[Romans 13:6]</b> For <del>for</del> <ins>because of</ins> this <del>cause</del> <ins>you also</ins> pay <del>ye tribute also:</del> <ins>taxes,</ins> for they are God's <del>ministers,</del> <ins>ministers</ins> attending continually <del>upon</del> <ins>to</ins> this very thing.</p><p><b>[Romans 13:7]</b> Render therefore to all their <del>dues: tribute</del> <ins>due: taxes</ins> to whom <del>tribute is due; custom</del> <ins>taxes are due, customs</ins> to whom <del>custom;</del> <ins>customs,</ins> fear to whom <del>fear; honour</del> <ins>fear, honor</ins> to whom <del>honour.</del> <ins>honor.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 13:8]</b> Owe no <del>man any thing, but</del> <ins>one anything except</ins> to love one <del>another:</del> <ins>another,</ins> for he <del>that loveth</del> <ins>who loves</ins> another <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> fulfilled the law.</p><p><b>[Romans 13:9]</b> For <del>this, Thou shalt</del> <ins>the commandments, "You shall</ins> not commit <del>adultery, Thou shalt</del> <ins>adultery,You shall</ins> not <del>kill, Thou shalt</del> <ins>murder,You shall</ins> not <del>steal, Thou shalt</del> <ins>steal,You shall</ins> not bear false <del>witness, Thou shalt</del> <ins>witness,You shall</ins> not <del>covet;</del> <ins>covet,"</ins> and if there <del>be</del> <ins>is</ins> any other commandment, <del>it is briefly comprehended</del> <ins>are all summed up</ins> in this saying, namely, <del>Thou shalt</del> <ins>"You shall</ins> love <del>thy neighbour</del> <ins>your neighbor</ins> as <del>thyself.</del> <ins>yourself."</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 13:10]</b> Love <del>worketh</del> <ins>does</ins> no <del>ill</del> <ins>harm</ins> to <del>his neighbour:</del> <ins>a neighbor;</ins> therefore love is the <del>fulfilling</del> <ins>fulfillment</ins> of the law.</p><p><b>[Romans 13:11]</b> And <del>that,</del> <ins>do this,</ins> knowing the time, that now it is high time to awake out of <del>sleep:</del> <ins>sleep;</ins> for now <del>is</del> our salvation <ins>is</ins> nearer than when we <ins>first</ins> believed.</p><p><b>[Romans 13:12]</b> The night is far spent, the day is at <del>hand:</del> <ins>hand. Therefore</ins> let us <del>therefore</del> cast off the works of darkness, and let us put on the <del>armour</del> <ins>armor</ins> of light.</p><p><b>[Romans 13:13]</b> Let us walk <del>honestly,</del> <ins>properly,</ins> as in the <del>day;</del> <ins>day,</ins> not in <del>rioting</del> <ins>revelry</ins> and drunkenness, not in <del>chambering</del> <ins>lewdness</ins> and <del>wantonness,</del> <ins>lust,</ins> not in strife and <del>envying.</del> <ins>envy.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 13:14]</b> But put <del>ye</del> on the Lord Jesus Christ, and make <del>not</del> <ins>no</ins> provision for the flesh, to <del>fulfil the lusts thereof.</del> <ins>fulfill its lusts.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 14:1]</b> <del>Him that</del> <ins>Receive one who</ins> is weak in the <del>faith receive ye,</del> <ins>faith,</ins> but not to <ins>disputes over</ins> doubtful <del>disputations.</del> <ins>things.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 14:2]</b> For one <del>believeth that</del> <ins>believes</ins> he may eat all <del>things: another,</del> <ins>things, but he</ins> who is <del>weak, eateth herbs.</del> <ins>weak eats only vegetables.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 14:3]</b> Let not him <del>that eateth</del> <ins>who eats</ins> despise him <del>that eateth not;</del> <ins>who does not eat,</ins> and let not him <del>which eateth</del> <ins>who does</ins> not <ins>eat</ins> judge him <del>that eateth:</del> <ins>who eats;</ins> for God <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> received him.</p><p><b>[Romans 14:4]</b> Who <del>art thou that judgest another man's servant?</del> <ins>are you</ins> to <ins>judge another's servant? To</ins> his own master he <del>standeth</del> <ins>stands</ins> or <del>falleth. Yea,</del> <ins>falls. Indeed,</ins> he <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be <del>holden up:</del> <ins>made to stand,</ins> for God is able to make him stand.</p><p><b>[Romans 14:5]</b> One <del>man esteemeth</del> <ins>person esteems</ins> one day above <del>another:</del> <ins>another;</ins> another <del>esteemeth</del> <ins>esteems</ins> every day alike. Let <del>every man</del> <ins>each</ins> be fully <del>persuaded</del> <ins>convinced</ins> in his own mind.</p><p><b>[Romans 14:6]</b> He <del>that regardeth</del> <ins>who observes</ins> the day, <del>regardeth</del> <ins>observes</ins> it <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the Lord; and he <del>that regardeth</del> <ins>who does</ins> not <ins>observe</ins> the day, to the Lord he <del>doth</del> <ins>does</ins> not <del>regard</del> <ins>observe</ins> it. He <del>that eateth, eateth</del> <ins>who eats, eats</ins> to the Lord, for he <del>giveth</del> <ins>gives</ins> God thanks; and he <del>that eateth not,</del> <ins>who does not eat,</ins> to the Lord he <del>eateth not,</del> <ins>does not eat,</ins> and <del>giveth</del> <ins>gives</ins> God thanks.</p><p><b>[Romans 14:7]</b> For none of us <del>liveth</del> <ins>lives</ins> to himself, and no <del>man dieth</del> <ins>one dies</ins> to himself.</p><p><b>[Romans 14:8]</b> For <del>whether</del> <ins>if</ins> we live, we live <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the Lord; and <del>whether</del> <ins>if</ins> we die, we die <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>Lord:</del> <ins>Lord. Therefore,</ins> whether we live <del>therefore,</del> or die, we are the Lord's.</p><p><b>[Romans 14:9]</b> For to this end Christ <del>both died,</del> <ins>died</ins> and <del>rose,</del> <ins>rose</ins> and <del>revived,</del> <ins>lived again,</ins> that <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> might be Lord <del>both</del> of <ins>both</ins> the dead and <ins>the</ins> living.</p><p><b>[Romans 14:10]</b> But why <del>dost thou</del> <ins>do you</ins> judge <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> brother? <del>or</del> <ins>Or</ins> why <del>dost thou set at nought thy brother?</del> <ins>do you show contempt</ins> for <ins>your brother? For</ins> we shall all stand before the judgment seat of Christ.</p><p><b>[Romans 14:11]</b> For it is <del>written, As</del> <ins>written: "As</ins> I live, <del>saith</del> <ins>says</ins> the <del>Lord, every</del> <ins>LORD, Every</ins> knee shall bow to <del>me, and</del> <ins>Me, And</ins> every tongue shall confess to <del>God.</del> <ins>God."</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 14:12]</b> So then <del>every one</del> <ins>each</ins> of us shall give account of himself to God.</p><p><b>[Romans 14:13]</b> <del>Let</del> <ins>Therefore let</ins> us not <del>therefore</del> judge one another <del>any more:</del> <ins>anymore,</ins> but <del>judge this rather, that no man</del> <ins>rather resolve this, not to</ins> put a <del>stumblingblock</del> <ins>stumbling block</ins> or <del>an occasion</del> <ins>a cause</ins> to fall in <del>his</del> <ins>our</ins> brother's way.</p><p><b>[Romans 14:14]</b> I <del>know,</del> <ins>know</ins> and am <del>persuaded</del> <ins>convinced</ins> by the Lord <del>Jesus,</del> <ins>Jesus</ins> that there is nothing unclean of <del>itself:</del> <ins>itself;</ins> but to him <del>that esteemeth any thing</del> <ins>who considers anything</ins> to be unclean, to him it is unclean.</p><p><b>[Romans 14:15]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>Yet</ins> if <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> brother <del>be</del> <ins>is</ins> grieved <del>with thy meat, now walkest thou</del> <ins>because of your food, you are no longer walking in love. Do</ins> not <del>charitably. Destroy not him</del> <ins>destroy</ins> with <del>thy meat,</del> <ins>your food the one</ins> for whom Christ died.</p><p><b>[Romans 14:16]</b> <del>Let</del> <ins>Therefore do</ins> not <del>then</del> <ins>let</ins> your good be <del>evil</del> spoken <del>of:</del> <ins>of as evil;</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 14:17]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>for</ins> the kingdom of God is not <del>meat</del> <ins>eating</ins> and <del>drink;</del> <ins>drinking,</ins> but <del>righteousness,</del> <ins>righteousness</ins> and <del>peace,</del> <ins>peace</ins> and joy in the Holy <del>Ghost.</del> <ins>Spirit.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 14:18]</b> For he <del>that</del> <ins>who serves Christ</ins> in these things <del>serveth Christ</del> is acceptable to <del>God,</del> <ins>God</ins> and approved <del>of</del> <ins>by</ins> men.</p><p><b>[Romans 14:19]</b> <del>Let</del> <ins>Therefore let</ins> us <del>therefore follow after</del> <ins>pursue</ins> the things which make for <del>peace,</del> <ins>peace</ins> and <ins>the</ins> things <del>wherewith</del> <ins>by which</ins> one may edify another.</p><p><b>[Romans 14:20]</b> <del>For meat destroy</del> <ins>Do</ins> not <ins>destroy</ins> the work of <del>God.</del> <ins>God for the sake of food.</ins> All things indeed are <del>pure;</del> <ins>pure,</ins> but it is evil for <del>that</del> <ins>the</ins> man who <del>eateth</del> <ins>eats</ins> with <del>offence.</del> <ins>offense.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 14:21]</b> It is good neither to eat <del>flesh,</del> <ins>meat</ins> nor <del>to</del> drink <del>wine,</del> <ins>wine</ins> nor <del>any thing whereby thy</del> <ins>do anything by which your</ins> brother <del>stumbleth,</del> <ins>stumbles</ins> or is <del>offended,</del> <ins>offended</ins> or is made weak.</p><p><b>[Romans 14:22]</b> <del>Hast thou faith?</del> <ins>Do you</ins> have <ins>faith? Have</ins> it to <del>thyself</del> <ins>yourself</ins> before God. Happy is he <del>that condemneth</del> <ins>who does</ins> not <ins>condemn</ins> himself in <del>that thing which</del> <ins>what</ins> he <del>alloweth.</del> <ins>approves.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 14:23]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>But</ins> he <del>that doubteth</del> <ins>who doubts</ins> is <del>damned</del> <ins>condemned</ins> if he <del>eat,</del> <ins>eats,</ins> because he <del>eateth</del> <ins>does</ins> not <del>of faith:</del> <ins>eat from faith;</ins> for <del>whatsoever</del> <ins>whatever</ins> is not <del>of</del> <ins>from</ins> faith is sin.</p><p><b>[Romans 15:1]</b> We then <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> are strong ought to bear <ins>with</ins> the <del>infirmities</del> <ins>scruples</ins> of the weak, and not to please ourselves.</p><p><b>[Romans 15:2]</b> Let <del>every one</del> <ins>each</ins> of us please his <del>neighbour</del> <ins>neighbor</ins> for his <del>good</del> <ins>good, leading</ins> to edification.</p><p><b>[Romans 15:3]</b> For even Christ <del>pleased</del> <ins>did</ins> not <del>himself; but,</del> <ins>please Himself; but</ins> as it is written, <del>The</del> <ins>"The</ins> reproaches of <del>them that</del> <ins>those who</ins> reproached <del>thee</del> <ins>You</ins> fell on <del>me.</del> <ins>Me."</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 15:4]</b> For <del>whatsoever</del> <ins>whatever</ins> things were written <del>aforetime</del> <ins>before</ins> were written for our learning, that we through <ins>the</ins> patience and comfort of the <del>scriptures</del> <ins>Scriptures</ins> might have hope.</p><p><b>[Romans 15:5]</b> Now <ins>may</ins> the God of patience and <del>consolation</del> <ins>comfort</ins> grant you to be <del>likeminded one</del> <ins>like-minded</ins> toward <del>another</del> <ins>one another,</ins> according to Christ <del>Jesus:</del> <ins>Jesus,</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 15:6]</b> <del>That ye</del> <ins>that you</ins> may with one mind and one mouth glorify <del>God, even</del> the <ins>God and</ins> Father of our Lord Jesus Christ.</p><p><b>[Romans 15:7]</b> <del>Wherefore</del> <ins>Therefore</ins> receive <del>ye</del> one another, <ins>just</ins> as Christ also received <del>us</del> <ins>us,</ins> to the glory of God.</p><p><b>[Romans 15:8]</b> Now I say that Jesus Christ <del>was</del> <ins>has become</ins> a <del>minister of</del> <ins>servant to</ins> the circumcision for the truth of God, to confirm the promises made <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>fathers:</del> <ins>fathers,</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 15:9]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> that the Gentiles might glorify God for <del>his mercy;</del> <ins>His mercy,</ins> as it is <del>written, For</del> <ins>written: "For</ins> this <del>cause</del> <ins>reason</ins> I will confess to <del>thee</del> <ins>You</ins> among the Gentiles, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> sing <del>unto thy name.</del> <ins>to Your name."</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 15:10]</b> And again he <del>saith, Rejoice, ye</del> <ins>says: "Rejoice, O</ins> Gentiles, with <del>his people.</del> <ins>His people!"</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 15:11]</b> And <del>again, Praise</del> <ins>again: "Praise</ins> the <del>Lord,</del> <ins>LORD,</ins> all <del>ye Gentiles; and laud him,</del> <ins>you Gentiles! Laud Him,</ins> all <del>ye people.</del> <ins>you peoples!"</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 15:12]</b> And again, <del>Esaias saith, There</del> <ins>Isaiah says: "There</ins> shall be a root of <del>Jesse, and he that</del> <ins>Jesse; And He who</ins> shall rise to reign over the <del>Gentiles; in him shall</del> <ins>Gentiles, In Him</ins> the Gentiles <del>trust.</del> <ins>shall hope."</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 15:13]</b> Now <ins>may</ins> the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace in believing, that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> may abound in <del>hope, through</del> <ins>hope by</ins> the power of the Holy <del>Ghost.</del> <ins>Spirit.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 15:14]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Now</ins> I myself <del>also</del> am <del>persuaded of</del> <ins>confident concerning</ins> you, my brethren, that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> also are full of goodness, filled with all knowledge, able also to admonish one another.</p><p><b>[Romans 15:15]</b> Nevertheless, brethren, I have written <del>the</del> more boldly <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> you <del>in</del> <ins>on</ins> some <del>sort,</del> <ins>points,</ins> as <del>putting you in mind,</del> <ins>reminding you,</ins> because of the grace <del>that is</del> given to me <del>of</del> <ins>by</ins> God,</p><p><b>[Romans 15:16]</b> <del>That</del> <ins>that</ins> I <del>should</del> <ins>might</ins> be <del>the</del> <ins>a</ins> minister of Jesus Christ to the Gentiles, ministering the gospel of God, that the offering <del>up</del> of the Gentiles might be acceptable, <del>being</del> sanctified by the Holy <del>Ghost.</del> <ins>Spirit.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 15:17]</b> <ins>Therefore</ins> I have <del>therefore whereof I may</del> <ins>reason to</ins> glory <del>through Jesus Christ</del> in <del>those</del> <ins>Christ Jesus in the</ins> things which pertain to God.</p><p><b>[Romans 15:18]</b> For I will not dare to speak of any of those things which Christ <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> not <del>wrought by</del> <ins>accomplished through</ins> me, <ins>in word and deed,</ins> to make the Gentiles <del>obedient, by word and deed,</del> <ins>obedient--</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 15:19]</b> <del>Through</del> <ins>in</ins> mighty signs and wonders, by the power of the Spirit of <del>God;</del> <ins>God,</ins> so that from <del>Jerusalem,</del> <ins>Jerusalem</ins> and round about <del>unto Illyricum,</del> <ins>to Illyricum</ins> I have fully preached the gospel of Christ.</p><p><b>[Romans 15:20]</b> <del>Yea,</del> <ins>And</ins> so <del>have</del> I <del>strived</del> <ins>have made it my aim</ins> to preach the gospel, not where Christ was named, lest I should build <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> another man's <del>foundation:</del> <ins>foundation,</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 15:21]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>but</ins> as it is <del>written, To</del> <ins>written: "To</ins> whom <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> was not <del>spoken of,</del> <ins>announced,</ins> they shall <del>see: and they that</del> <ins>see; And those who</ins> have not heard shall <del>understand.</del> <ins>understand."</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 15:22]</b> For <del>which cause also</del> <ins>this reason</ins> I <ins>also</ins> have been much hindered from coming to you.</p><p><b>[Romans 15:23]</b> But now <del>having</del> no <del>more</del> <ins>longer having a</ins> place in these parts, and having a great desire these many years to come <del>unto you;</del> <ins>to you,</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 15:24]</b> <del>Whensoever</del> <ins>whenever</ins> I <del>take my</del> journey <del>into</del> <ins>to</ins> Spain, I <del>will</del> <ins>shall</ins> come to <del>you: for</del> <ins>you. For</ins> I <del>trust</del> <ins>hope</ins> to see you <del>in</del> <ins>on</ins> my journey, and to be <del>brought</del> <ins>helped</ins> on my way <del>thitherward</del> <ins>there</ins> by you, if first I <del>be somewhat filled with</del> <ins>may enjoy</ins> your <del>company.</del> <ins>company for a while.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 15:25]</b> But now I <del>go unto</del> <ins>am going to</ins> Jerusalem to minister <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the saints.</p><p><b>[Romans 15:26]</b> For it <del>hath</del> pleased <del>them of</del> <ins>those from</ins> Macedonia and Achaia to make a certain contribution for the poor <ins>among the</ins> saints <del>which</del> <ins>who</ins> are <del>at</del> <ins>in</ins> Jerusalem.</p><p><b>[Romans 15:27]</b> It <del>hath</del> pleased them <del>verily;</del> <ins>indeed,</ins> and <del>their debtors</del> they <del>are.</del> <ins>are their debtors.</ins> For if the Gentiles have been <del>made</del> partakers of their spiritual things, their duty is also to minister <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> them in <del>carnal</del> <ins>material</ins> things.</p><p><b>[Romans 15:28]</b> <del>When therefore</del> <ins>Therefore, when</ins> I have performed <del>this,</del> <ins>this</ins> and have sealed to them this fruit, I <del>will come</del> <ins>shall go</ins> by <ins>way of</ins> you <del>into</del> <ins>to</ins> Spain.</p><p><b>[Romans 15:29]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>But</ins> I <del>am sure that,</del> <ins>know that</ins> when I come <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> you, I shall come in the <del>fulness</del> <ins>fullness</ins> of the blessing of the gospel of Christ.</p><p><b>[Romans 15:30]</b> Now I <del>beseech</del> <ins>beg</ins> you, brethren, <del>for</del> <ins>through</ins> the Lord Jesus <del>Christ's sake,</del> <ins>Christ,</ins> and <del>for</del> <ins>through</ins> the love of the Spirit, that <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> strive together with me in <del>your</del> prayers to God for <del>me;</del> <ins>me,</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 15:31]</b> <del>That</del> <ins>that</ins> I may be delivered from <del>them that</del> <ins>those in Judea who</ins> do not <del>believe in Judaea;</del> <ins>believe,</ins> and that my service <del>which I have</del> for Jerusalem may be <del>accepted of</del> <ins>acceptable to</ins> the <del>saints;</del> <ins>saints,</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 15:32]</b> <del>That</del> <ins>that</ins> I may come <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> you with joy by the will of God, and may <del>with you</del> be <del>refreshed.</del> <ins>refreshed together with you.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 16:1]</b> I commend <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> you <del>Phebe</del> <ins>Phoebe</ins> our sister, <del>which</del> <ins>who</ins> is a servant of the church <del>which is at Cenchrea:</del> <ins>in Cenchrea,</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 16:2]</b> <del>That ye</del> <ins>that you may</ins> receive her in the <del>Lord, as becometh</del> <ins>Lord in a manner worthy of the</ins> saints, and <del>that ye</del> assist her in <del>whatsoever</del> <ins>whatever</ins> business she <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> need of <del>you:</del> <ins>you;</ins> for <ins>indeed</ins> she <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> been a <del>succourer</del> <ins>helper</ins> of <del>many,</del> <ins>many</ins> and of myself also.</p><p><b>[Romans 16:3]</b> Greet Priscilla and <del>Aquila</del> <ins>Aquila,</ins> my <del>helpers</del> <ins>fellow workers</ins> in Christ <del>Jesus:</del> <ins>Jesus,</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 16:4]</b> <del>Who have for my life laid down</del> <ins>who risked</ins> their own <del>necks: unto</del> <ins>necks for my life, to</ins> whom not only I give thanks, but also all the churches of the Gentiles.</p><p><b>[Romans 16:5]</b> Likewise greet the church that is in their house. <del>Salute</del> <ins>Greet</ins> my <del>well-beloved</del> <ins>beloved</ins> Epaenetus, who is the firstfruits of Achaia <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> Christ.</p><p><b>[Romans 16:6]</b> Greet Mary, who <del>bestowed</del> <ins>labored</ins> much <del>labour on</del> <ins>for</ins> us.</p><p><b>[Romans 16:7]</b> <del>Salute</del> <ins>Greet</ins> Andronicus and Junia, my <del>kinsmen,</del> <ins>countrymen</ins> and my <del>fellow-prisoners,</del> <ins>fellow prisoners,</ins> who are of note among the apostles, who also were in Christ before me.</p><p><b>[Romans 16:8]</b> Greet <del>Amplias</del> <ins>Amplias,</ins> my beloved in the Lord.</p><p><b>[Romans 16:9]</b> <del>Salute Urbane,</del> <ins>Greet Urbanus,</ins> our <del>helper</del> <ins>fellow worker</ins> in Christ, and <del>Stachys</del> <ins>Stachys,</ins> my beloved.</p><p><b>[Romans 16:10]</b> <del>Salute Apelles</del> <ins>Greet Apelles,</ins> approved in Christ. <del>Salute them which</del> <ins>Greet those who</ins> are of <del>Aristobulus' household.</del> <ins>the household of Aristobulus.</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 16:11]</b> <del>Salute Herodion my kinsman.</del> Greet <del>them that be</del> <ins>Herodion, my countryman. Greet those who are</ins> of the household of <del>Narcissus, which</del> <ins>Narcissus who</ins> are in the Lord.</p><p><b>[Romans 16:12]</b> <del>Salute</del> <ins>Greet</ins> Tryphena and Tryphosa, who <del>labour</del> <ins>have labored</ins> in the Lord. <del>Salute</del> <ins>Greet</ins> the beloved Persis, <del>which laboured</del> <ins>who labored</ins> much in the Lord.</p><p><b>[Romans 16:13]</b> <del>Salute Rufus</del> <ins>Greet Rufus,</ins> chosen in the Lord, and his mother and mine.</p><p><b>[Romans 16:14]</b> <del>Salute</del> <ins>Greet</ins> Asyncritus, Phlegon, Hermas, Patrobas, Hermes, and the brethren <del>which</del> <ins>who</ins> are with them.</p><p><b>[Romans 16:15]</b> <del>Salute Philologus,</del> <ins>Greet Philologus</ins> and Julia, <del>Nereus,</del> <ins>Nereus</ins> and his sister, and Olympas, and all the saints <del>which</del> <ins>who</ins> are with them.</p><p><b>[Romans 16:16]</b> <del>Salute</del> <ins>Greet</ins> one another with <del>an</del> <ins>a</ins> holy kiss. The churches of Christ <del>salute</del> <ins>greet</ins> you.</p><p><b>[Romans 16:17]</b> Now I <del>beseech</del> <ins>urge</ins> you, brethren, <del>mark them which</del> <ins>note those who</ins> cause divisions and <del>offences</del> <ins>offenses,</ins> contrary to the doctrine which <del>ye have learned;</del> <ins>you learned,</ins> and avoid them.</p><p><b>[Romans 16:18]</b> For <del>they that</del> <ins>those who</ins> are such <del>serve</del> <ins>do</ins> not <ins>serve</ins> our Lord Jesus Christ, but their own <del>belly;</del> <ins>belly,</ins> and by <del>good</del> <ins>smooth</ins> words and <del>fair speeches</del> <ins>flattering speech</ins> deceive the hearts of the simple.</p><p><b>[Romans 16:19]</b> For your obedience <del>is come abroad unto all men.</del> <ins>has become known to all. Therefore</ins> I am glad <del>therefore</del> on your <del>behalf:</del> <ins>behalf;</ins> but <del>yet</del> I <del>would have</del> <ins>want</ins> you <ins>to be</ins> wise <del>unto that which</del> <ins>in what</ins> is good, and simple concerning evil.</p><p><b>[Romans 16:20]</b> And the God of peace <del>shall bruise</del> <ins>will crush</ins> Satan under your feet shortly. The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you. Amen.</p><p><b>[Romans 16:21]</b> <del>Timotheus</del> <ins>Timothy,</ins> my <del>workfellow,</del> <ins>fellow worker,</ins> and Lucius, <del>and</del> Jason, and Sosipater, my <del>kinsmen, salute</del> <ins>countrymen, greet</ins> you.</p><p><b>[Romans 16:22]</b> <del>I</del> <ins>I,</ins> Tertius, who wrote this epistle, <del>salute</del> <ins>greet</ins> you in the Lord.</p><p><b>[Romans 16:23]</b> <del>Gaius mine host,</del> <ins>Gaius, my host</ins> and <ins>the host</ins> of the whole church, <del>saluteth</del> <ins>greets</ins> you. <del>Erastus</del> <ins>Erastus,</ins> the <del>chamberlain</del> <ins>treasurer</ins> of the <del>city saluteth</del> <ins>city, greets</ins> you, and <del>Quartus</del> <ins>Quartus,</ins> a brother.</p><p><b>[Romans 16:25]</b> Now to <del>him that</del> <ins>Him who</ins> is <del>of power</del> <ins>able</ins> to <del>stablish</del> <ins>establish</ins> you according to my <del>gospel,</del> <ins>gospel</ins> and the preaching of Jesus Christ, according to the revelation of the <del>mystery, which was</del> <ins>mystery</ins> kept secret since the world <del>began,</del> <ins>began</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 16:26]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>but</ins> now <del>is</del> made manifest, and by the <del>scriptures of the prophets,</del> <ins>prophetic Scriptures made known to all nations,</ins> according to the commandment of the everlasting God, <del>made known to all nations</del> for <del>the</del> obedience <del>of faith:</del> <ins>to the faith--</ins></p><p><b>[Romans 16:27]</b> <del>To God only</del> <ins>to God, alone</ins> wise, be glory through Jesus Christ <del>for ever.</del> <ins>forever.</ins> Amen.</p>