<p><b>[Song of Solomon 1:2]</b> Let him kiss me with the kisses of his <del>mouth: for thy</del> <ins>mouth--For your</ins> love is better than wine.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 1:3]</b> Because of the <del>savour</del> <ins>fragrance</ins> of <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> good <del>ointments thy</del> <ins>ointments, Your</ins> name is <del>as</del> ointment poured <del>forth, therefore do</del> <ins>forth; Therefore</ins> the virgins love <del>thee.</del> <ins>you.</ins></p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 1:4]</b> Draw <del>me, we</del> <ins>me away! We</ins> will run after <del>thee: the</del> <ins>you. The</ins> king <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> brought me into his <del>chambers: we</del> <ins>chambers. We</ins> will be glad and rejoice in <del>thee, we</del> <ins>you. We</ins> will remember <del>thy</del> <ins>1your</ins> love more than <del>wine: the upright</del> <ins>wine. Rightly do they</ins> love <del>thee.</del> <ins>1you.</ins></p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 1:5]</b> I am <del>black,</del> <ins>dark,</ins> but <del>comely,</del> <ins>lovely,</ins> O <del>ye</del> daughters of Jerusalem, <del>as</del> <ins>Like</ins> the tents of Kedar, <del>as</del> <ins>Like</ins> the curtains of Solomon.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 1:6]</b> <del>Look</del> <ins>Do</ins> not <ins>look</ins> upon me, because I am <del>black, because</del> <ins>dark, Because</ins> the sun <del>hath looked upon me: my</del> <ins>has tanned me. My</ins> mother's <del>children</del> <ins>sons</ins> were angry with me; <del>they</del> <ins>They</ins> made me the keeper of the <del>vineyards; but mine</del> <ins>vineyards, But my</ins> own vineyard <del>have</del> I <ins>have</ins> not kept.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 1:7]</b> Tell me, O <del>thou</del> <ins>you</ins> whom <del>my soul loveth, where thou feedest, where thou makest thy flock to</del> <ins>I love, Where you feed your flock, Where you make it</ins> rest at <del>noon: for</del> <ins>noon. For</ins> why should I be as one <del>that turneth aside by</del> <ins>who veils herself By</ins> the flocks of <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> companions?</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 1:8]</b> If <del>thou know not,</del> <ins>you do not know,</ins> O <del>thou</del> fairest among women, <del>go thy way forth by</del> <ins>Follow in</ins> the footsteps of the flock, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> feed <del>thy kids beside</del> <ins>your little goats Beside</ins> the shepherds' tents.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 1:9]</b> I have compared <del>thee, O</del> <ins>you,</ins> my love, <del>to a company of horses in</del> <ins>To my filly among</ins> Pharaoh's chariots.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 1:10]</b> <del>Thy</del> <ins>Your</ins> cheeks are <del>comely</del> <ins>lovely</ins> with <del>rows of jewels, thy</del> <ins>ornaments, Your</ins> neck with chains of gold.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 1:11]</b> We will make <del>thee borders</del> <ins>you ornaments</ins> of gold <del>with</del> <ins>With</ins> studs of silver.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 1:12]</b> While the king <del>sitteth</del> <ins>is</ins> at his table, <del>my</del> <ins>My</ins> spikenard <del>sendeth</del> <ins>sends</ins> forth <del>the smell thereof.</del> <ins>its fragrance.</ins></p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 1:13]</b> A bundle of myrrh is my <del>well-beloved unto me; he shall lie</del> <ins>beloved to me, That lies</ins> all night <del>betwixt</del> <ins>between</ins> my breasts.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 1:14]</b> My beloved is <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me <del>as</del> a cluster of <del>camphire in</del> <ins>henna blooms In</ins> the vineyards of <del>Engedi.</del> <ins>En Gedi.</ins></p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 1:15]</b> Behold, <del>thou art</del> <ins>you are</ins> fair, my <del>love; behold, thou art fair; thou hast doves'</del> <ins>love! Behold, you are fair! You have dove's</ins> eyes.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 1:16]</b> Behold, <del>thou art fair,</del> <ins>you are handsome,</ins> my <del>beloved, yea, pleasant: also</del> <ins>beloved! Yes, pleasant! Also</ins> our bed is green.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 1:17]</b> The beams of our <del>house</del> <ins>houses</ins> are cedar, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> our rafters of fir.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 2:1]</b> I am the rose of Sharon, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> the lily of the valleys.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 2:2]</b> <del>As the</del> <ins>Like a</ins> lily among thorns, <del>so</del> <ins>So</ins> is my love among the daughters.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 2:3]</b> <del>As the</del> <ins>Like an</ins> apple tree among the trees of the <del>wood, so</del> <ins>woods, So</ins> is my beloved among the sons. I sat down <del>under</del> <ins>in</ins> his <del>shadow</del> <ins>shade</ins> with great delight, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> his fruit was sweet to my taste.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 2:4]</b> He brought me to the banqueting house, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> his banner over me was love.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 2:5]</b> <del>Stay</del> <ins>Sustain</ins> me with <del>flagons, comfort</del> <ins>cakes of raisins, Refresh</ins> me with <del>apples: for</del> <ins>apples, For</ins> I am <del>sick of love.</del> <ins>lovesick.</ins></p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 2:6]</b> His left hand is under my head, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> his right hand <del>doth embrace</del> <ins>embraces</ins> me.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 2:7]</b> I charge you, O <del>ye</del> daughters of Jerusalem, <ins>By the gazelles or</ins> by the <del>roes, and by the hinds</del> <ins>does</ins> of the field, <del>that ye stir</del> <ins>Do</ins> not <del>up,</del> <ins>stir up</ins> nor <del>awake my love, till he please.</del> <ins>awaken love Until it pleases.</ins></p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 2:8]</b> The voice of my beloved! <del>behold,</del> <ins>Behold,</ins> he <del>cometh leaping</del> <ins>comes Leaping</ins> upon the mountains, <del>skipping</del> <ins>Skipping</ins> upon the hills.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 2:9]</b> My beloved is like a <del>roe</del> <ins>gazelle</ins> or a young <del>hart: behold,</del> <ins>stag. Behold,</ins> he <del>standeth</del> <ins>stands</ins> behind our <del>wall, he looketh forth at</del> <ins>wall; He is looking through</ins> the windows, <del>shewing himself</del> <ins>Gazing</ins> through the lattice.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 2:10]</b> My beloved <del>spake,</del> <ins>spoke,</ins> and said <del>unto me, Rise</del> <ins>to me: "Rise</ins> up, my love, my fair one, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> come away.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 2:11]</b> <del>For,</del> <ins>For</ins> lo, the winter is past, <del>the</del> <ins>The</ins> rain is over and <del>gone;</del> <ins>gone.</ins></p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 2:12]</b> The flowers appear on the earth; <del>the</del> <ins>The</ins> time of <del>the</del> singing <del>of birds is</del> <ins>has</ins> come, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> the voice of the <del>turtle is</del> <ins>turtledove Is</ins> heard in our <del>land;</del> <ins>land.</ins></p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 2:13]</b> The fig tree <del>putteth</del> <ins>puts</ins> forth her green figs, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> the vines with the tender <del>grape give</del> <ins>grapes Give</ins> a good smell. <del>Arise,</del> <ins>Rise up,</ins> my love, my fair one, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> come <del>away.</del> <ins>away!</ins></p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 2:14]</b> <del>O</del> <ins>"O</ins> my dove, <del>that art</del> in the clefts of the rock, <del>in</del> <ins>In</ins> the secret places of the <del>stairs, let</del> <ins>cliff, Let</ins> me see <del>thy countenance, let</del> <ins>your face, Let</ins> me hear <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> voice; <del>for sweet</del> <ins>For your voice</ins> is <del>thy voice, and thy countenance</del> <ins>sweet, And your face</ins> is <del>comely.</del> <ins>lovely."</ins></p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 2:15]</b> <del>Take</del> <ins>Catch</ins> us the foxes, <del>the</del> <ins>The</ins> little <del>foxes,</del> <ins>foxes</ins> that spoil the <del>vines: for</del> <ins>vines, For</ins> our vines have tender grapes.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 2:16]</b> My beloved is mine, and I am <del>his: he feedeth</del> <ins>his. He feeds his flock</ins> among the lilies.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 2:17]</b> Until the day <del>break, and</del> <ins>breaks And</ins> the shadows flee away, <del>turn,</del> <ins>Turn,</ins> my beloved, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> be <del>thou</del> like a <del>roe or</del> <ins>gazelle Or</ins> a young <del>hart upon</del> <ins>stag Upon</ins> the mountains of Bether.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 3:1]</b> By night on my bed I sought <del>him whom my soul loveth:</del> <ins>the one I love;</ins> I sought him, but I <del>found him not.</del> <ins>did not find him.</ins></p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 3:2]</b> <del>I</del> <ins>"I</ins> will rise <del>now, and</del> <ins>now," I said, "And</ins> go about the <del>city in</del> <ins>city; In</ins> the <del>streets,</del> <ins>streets</ins> and in the <del>broad ways</del> <ins>squares</ins> I will seek <del>him whom my soul loveth:</del> <ins>the one I love."</ins> I sought him, but I <del>found him not.</del> <ins>did not find him.</ins></p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 3:3]</b> The watchmen <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> go about the city found <del>me: to whom</del> <ins>me;</ins> I said, <del>Saw ye him whom my soul loveth?</del> <ins>"Have you seen the one I love?"</ins></p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 3:4]</b> <del>It was but a little that</del> <ins>Scarcely had</ins> I passed <del>from</del> <ins>by</ins> them, <del>but</del> <ins>When</ins> I found <del>him whom my soul loveth:</del> <ins>the one I love.</ins> I held <del>him,</del> <ins>him</ins> and would not let him go, <del>until</del> <ins>Until</ins> I had brought him <del>into</del> <ins>to the house of</ins> my <del>mother's house, and</del> <ins>mother, And</ins> into the chamber of her <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> conceived me.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 3:5]</b> I charge you, O <del>ye</del> daughters of Jerusalem, <ins>By the gazelles or</ins> by the <del>roes, and by the hinds</del> <ins>does</ins> of the field, <del>that ye stir</del> <ins>Do</ins> not <del>up,</del> <ins>stir up</ins> nor <del>awake my love, till he please.</del> <ins>awaken love Until it pleases.</ins></p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 3:6]</b> Who is this <del>that cometh</del> <ins>coming</ins> out of the wilderness <del>like</del> <ins>Like</ins> pillars of smoke, <del>perfumed</del> <ins>Perfumed</ins> with myrrh and frankincense, <del>with</del> <ins>With</ins> all <del>powders of</del> the <del>merchant?</del> <ins>merchant's fragrant powders?</ins></p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 3:7]</b> <del>Behold his bed, which</del> <ins>Behold, it</ins> is <del>Solomon's; threescore</del> <ins>Solomon's couch, With sixty</ins> valiant men <del>are about</del> <ins>around</ins> it, <del>of</del> <ins>Of</ins> the valiant of Israel.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 3:8]</b> They all hold swords, <del>being</del> <ins>Being</ins> expert in <del>war: every</del> <ins>war. Every</ins> man <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> his sword <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> his thigh <del>because</del> <ins>Because</ins> of fear in the night.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 3:9]</b> <del>King Solomon made himself a chariot of</del> <ins>Of</ins> the wood of <del>Lebanon.</del> <ins>Lebanon Solomon the King Made himself a palanquin:</ins></p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 3:10]</b> He made <del>the</del> <ins>its</ins> pillars <del>thereof</del> of silver, <del>the bottom thereof</del> <ins>Its support</ins> of gold, <del>the covering of it</del> <ins>Its seat</ins> of purple, <del>the midst thereof being</del> <ins>Its interior</ins> paved with <del>love, for</del> <ins>love By</ins> the daughters of Jerusalem.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 3:11]</b> Go forth, O <del>ye</del> daughters of Zion, <del>and behold king</del> <ins>And see King</ins> Solomon with the crown <del>wherewith</del> <ins>With which</ins> his mother crowned him <del>in</del> <ins>On</ins> the day of his <del>espousals, and in the</del> <ins>wedding, The</ins> day of the gladness of his heart.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 4:1]</b> Behold, <del>thou art</del> <ins>you are</ins> fair, my <del>love; behold, thou art fair; thou hast doves'</del> <ins>love! Behold, you are fair! You have dove's</ins> eyes <del>within thy locks: thy</del> <ins>behind your veil. Your</ins> hair is <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> a flock of goats, <del>that appear</del> <ins>Going down</ins> from <del>mount</del> <ins>Mount</ins> Gilead.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 4:2]</b> <del>Thy</del> <ins>Your</ins> teeth are like a flock of <ins>shorn</ins> sheep <del>that are even shorn, which came</del> <ins>Which have come</ins> up from the <del>washing; whereof every</del> <ins>washing, Every</ins> one <del>bear</del> <ins>of which bears</ins> twins, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> none is barren among them.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 4:3]</b> <del>Thy</del> <ins>Your</ins> lips are like a <del>thread</del> <ins>strand</ins> of scarlet, <del>and thy speech</del> <ins>And your mouth</ins> is <del>comely: thy</del> <ins>lovely. Your</ins> temples <del>are</del> <ins>behind your veil Are</ins> like a piece of <del>a pomegranate within thy locks.</del> <ins>pomegranate.</ins></p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 4:4]</b> <del>Thy</del> <ins>Your</ins> neck is like the tower of <del>David builded</del> <ins>David, Built</ins> for an <del>armoury, whereon there</del> <ins>armory, On which</ins> hang a thousand bucklers, <del>all</del> <ins>All</ins> shields of mighty men.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 4:5]</b> <del>Thy</del> <ins>Your</ins> two breasts are like two <del>young roes that are twins, which</del> <ins>fawns, Twins of a gazelle, Which</ins> feed among the lilies.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 4:6]</b> Until the day <del>break, and</del> <ins>breaks And</ins> the shadows flee away, I will <del>get me</del> <ins>go my way</ins> to the mountain of <del>myrrh, and</del> <ins>myrrh And</ins> to the hill of frankincense.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 4:7]</b> <del>Thou art</del> <ins>You are</ins> all fair, my <del>love;</del> <ins>love, And</ins> there is no spot in <del>thee.</del> <ins>you.</ins></p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 4:8]</b> Come with me from Lebanon, my spouse, <del>with</del> <ins>With</ins> me from <del>Lebanon: look</del> <ins>Lebanon. Look</ins> from the top of Amana, <del>from</del> <ins>From</ins> the top of <del>Shenir</del> <ins>Senir</ins> and Hermon, <del>from</del> <ins>From</ins> the lions' dens, <del>from</del> <ins>From</ins> the mountains of the leopards.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 4:9]</b> <del>Thou hast</del> <ins>You have</ins> ravished my heart, <del>my</del> <ins>My</ins> sister, my spouse; <del>thou hast</del> <ins>You have</ins> ravished my heart <del>with</del> <ins>With</ins> one <ins>look</ins> of <del>thine</del> <ins>your</ins> eyes, <del>with</del> <ins>With</ins> one <del>chain</del> <ins>link</ins> of <del>thy neck.</del> <ins>your necklace.</ins></p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 4:10]</b> How fair is <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> love, <del>my</del> <ins>My</ins> sister, my spouse! <del>how</del> <ins>How</ins> much better <del>is thy love</del> than <del>wine! and</del> <ins>wine is your love, And</ins> the <del>smell</del> <ins>scent</ins> of <del>thine ointments than</del> <ins>your perfumes Than</ins> all spices!</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 4:11]</b> <del>Thy</del> <ins>Your</ins> lips, O my spouse, <del>drop</del> <ins>Drip</ins> as the <del>honeycomb: honey</del> <ins>honeycomb; Honey</ins> and milk are under <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> tongue; <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> the <del>smell</del> <ins>fragrance</ins> of <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> garments <del>is</del> <ins>Is</ins> like the <del>smell</del> <ins>fragrance</ins> of Lebanon.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 4:12]</b> A garden <del>inclosed is</del> <ins>enclosed Is</ins> my sister, my <del>spouse; a</del> <ins>spouse, A</ins> spring shut up, <del>a</del> <ins>A</ins> fountain sealed.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 4:13]</b> <del>Thy</del> <ins>Your</ins> plants are an orchard of <del>pomegranates, with</del> <ins>pomegranates With</ins> pleasant <del>fruits; camphire,</del> <ins>fruits, Fragrant henna</ins> with spikenard,</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 4:14]</b> Spikenard and <del>saffron; calamus</del> <ins>saffron, Calamus</ins> and cinnamon, <del>with</del> <ins>With</ins> all trees of <del>frankincense; myrrh</del> <ins>frankincense, Myrrh</ins> and aloes, <del>with</del> <ins>With</ins> all the chief <del>spices:</del> <ins>spices--</ins></p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 4:15]</b> A fountain of gardens, <del>a</del> <ins>A</ins> well of living waters, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> streams from Lebanon.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 4:16]</b> Awake, O north <del>wind; and</del> <ins>wind, And</ins> come, <del>thou south; blow</del> <ins>O south! Blow</ins> upon my garden, <del>that the</del> <ins>That its</ins> spices <del>thereof</del> may flow out. Let my beloved come <del>into</del> <ins>to</ins> his <del>garden, and</del> <ins>garden And</ins> eat <del>his</del> <ins>its</ins> pleasant fruits.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 5:1]</b> I <del>am</del> <ins>have</ins> come <del>into</del> <ins>to</ins> my garden, my sister, my <del>spouse:</del> <ins>spouse;</ins> I have gathered my myrrh with my spice; I have eaten my honeycomb with my honey; I have drunk my wine with my <del>milk: eat,</del> <ins>milk. Eat,</ins> O <del>friends; drink, yea,</del> <ins>friends! Drink, yes,</ins> drink <del>abundantly,</del> <ins>deeply,</ins> O <del>beloved.</del> <ins>beloved ones!</ins></p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 5:2]</b> I sleep, but my heart <del>waketh: it</del> <ins>is awake; It</ins> is the voice of my <del>beloved that knocketh,</del> <ins>beloved! He knocks,</ins> saying, <del>Open to</del> <ins>"Open for</ins> me, my sister, my love, <del>my</del> <ins>My</ins> dove, my <del>undefiled: for</del> <ins>perfect one; For</ins> my head is <del>filled</del> <ins>covered</ins> with dew, <del>and my</del> <ins>My</ins> locks with the drops of the <del>night.</del> <ins>night."</ins></p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 5:3]</b> I have <del>put</del> <ins>taken</ins> off my <del>coat; how shall</del> <ins>robe; How can</ins> I put it <del>on?</del> <ins>on again?</ins> I have washed my feet; <del>how shall</del> <ins>How can</ins> I defile them?</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 5:4]</b> My beloved put <del>in</del> his hand <del>by</del> <ins>By</ins> the <del>hole</del> <ins>latch</ins> of the door, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> my <del>bowels were moved</del> <ins>heart yearned</ins> for him.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 5:5]</b> I <del>rose up</del> <ins>arose</ins> to open <del>to</del> <ins>for</ins> my <del>beloved; and</del> <ins>beloved, And</ins> my hands <del>dropped</del> <ins>dripped</ins> with myrrh, <del>and my</del> <ins>My</ins> fingers with <del>sweet smelling</del> <ins>liquid</ins> myrrh, <del>upon</del> <ins>On</ins> the handles of the lock.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 5:6]</b> I opened <del>to</del> <ins>for</ins> my <del>beloved; but</del> <ins>beloved, But</ins> my beloved had <del>withdrawn himself,</del> <ins>turned away</ins> and was <del>gone: my soul failed</del> <ins>gone. My heart leaped up</ins> when he <del>spake:</del> <ins>spoke.</ins> I sought him, but I could not find him; I called him, but he gave me no answer.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 5:7]</b> The watchmen <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> went about the city found <del>me, they smote</del> <ins>me. They struck</ins> me, they wounded me; <del>the</del> <ins>The</ins> keepers of the walls <del>took away</del> <ins>Took</ins> my veil <ins>away</ins> from me.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 5:8]</b> I charge you, O daughters of Jerusalem, <del>if ye</del> <ins>If you</ins> find my beloved, <del>that ye</del> <ins>That you</ins> tell <del>him, that</del> <ins>him</ins> I am <del>sick of love.</del> <ins>lovesick!</ins></p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 5:9]</b> What is <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> beloved <del>more</del> <ins>More</ins> than another beloved, O <del>thou</del> fairest among women? <del>what</del> <ins>What</ins> is <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> beloved <del>more</del> <ins>More</ins> than another beloved, <del>that thou dost</del> <ins>That you</ins> so charge us?</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 5:10]</b> My beloved is white and ruddy, <del>the chiefest</del> <ins>Chief</ins> among ten thousand.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 5:11]</b> His head is <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> the <del>most fine gold, his</del> <ins>finest gold; His</ins> locks are <del>bushy, and</del> <ins>wavy, And</ins> black as a raven.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 5:12]</b> His eyes are <del>as the eyes of</del> <ins>like</ins> doves <del>by</del> <ins>By</ins> the rivers of waters, <del>washed</del> <ins>Washed</ins> with milk, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> fitly set.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 5:13]</b> His cheeks are <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> a bed of spices, <del>as sweet flowers: his</del> <ins>Banks of scented herbs. His</ins> lips <del>like</del> <ins>are</ins> lilies, <del>dropping sweet smelling</del> <ins>Dripping liquid</ins> myrrh.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 5:14]</b> His hands are <del>as</del> <ins>rods of</ins> gold <del>rings set</del> <ins>Set</ins> with <del>the beryl: his belly</del> <ins>beryl. His body</ins> is <del>as bright</del> <ins>carved</ins> ivory <del>overlaid</del> <ins>Inlaid</ins> with sapphires.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 5:15]</b> His legs are <del>as</del> pillars of <del>marble, set upon sockets</del> <ins>marble Set on bases</ins> of fine <del>gold: his</del> <ins>gold. His</ins> countenance is <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> Lebanon, <del>excellent</del> <ins>Excellent</ins> as the cedars.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 5:16]</b> His mouth is most <del>sweet: yea,</del> <ins>sweet, Yes,</ins> he is altogether lovely. This is my beloved, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> this is my friend, O daughters of <del>Jerusalem.</del> <ins>Jerusalem!</ins></p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 6:1]</b> <del>Whither is thy</del> <ins>Where has your</ins> beloved gone, O <del>thou</del> fairest among women? <del>whither is thy</del> <ins>Where has your</ins> beloved turned <del>aside? that</del> <ins>aside, That</ins> we may seek him with <del>thee.</del> <ins>you?</ins></p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 6:2]</b> My beloved <del>is</del> <ins>has</ins> gone <del>down into</del> <ins>to</ins> his garden, <del>to</del> <ins>To</ins> the beds of spices, <del>to</del> <ins>To</ins> feed <ins>his flock</ins> in the gardens, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> to gather lilies.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 6:3]</b> I am my beloved's, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> my beloved is <del>mine: he feedeth</del> <ins>mine. He feeds his flock</ins> among the lilies.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 6:4]</b> <del>Thou art beautiful,</del> O my love, <ins>you are as beautiful</ins> as Tirzah, <del>comely</del> <ins>Lovely</ins> as Jerusalem, <del>terrible</del> <ins>Awesome</ins> as an army with <del>banners.</del> <ins>banners!</ins></p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 6:5]</b> Turn <del>away thine</del> <ins>your</ins> eyes <ins>away</ins> from me, <del>for</del> <ins>For</ins> they have overcome <del>me: thy</del> <ins>me. Your</ins> hair is <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> a flock of goats <del>that appear</del> <ins>Going down</ins> from Gilead.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 6:6]</b> <del>Thy</del> <ins>Your</ins> teeth are <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> a flock of sheep <del>which go</del> <ins>Which have come</ins> up from the <del>washing, whereof every</del> <ins>washing; Every</ins> one <del>beareth</del> <ins>bears</ins> twins, <del>and there</del> <ins>And none</ins> is <del>not one</del> barren among them.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 6:7]</b> <del>As</del> <ins>Like</ins> a piece of <del>a</del> pomegranate <del>are thy</del> <ins>Are your</ins> temples <del>within thy locks.</del> <ins>behind your veil.</ins></p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 6:8]</b> There are <del>threescore queens, and fourscore</del> <ins>sixty queens And eighty</ins> concubines, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> virgins without number.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 6:9]</b> My dove, my <del>undefiled is but one; she is</del> <ins>perfect one, Is</ins> the <ins>only one, The</ins> only one of her mother, <del>she is the choice one</del> <ins>The favorite</ins> of <del>her that bare</del> <ins>the one who bore</ins> her. The daughters saw <del>her, and blessed her; yea, the</del> <ins>her And called her blessed, The</ins> queens and the concubines, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> they praised her.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 6:10]</b> Who is she <del>that looketh</del> <ins>who looks</ins> forth as the morning, <del>fair</del> <ins>Fair</ins> as the moon, <del>clear</del> <ins>Clear</ins> as the sun, <del>and terrible</del> <ins>Awesome</ins> as an army with banners?</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 6:11]</b> I went down <del>into</del> <ins>to</ins> the garden of nuts <del>to</del> <ins>To</ins> see the <del>fruits</del> <ins>verdure</ins> of the valley, <del>and to</del> <ins>To</ins> see whether the vine <del>flourished and</del> <ins>had budded And</ins> the pomegranates <del>budded.</del> <ins>had bloomed.</ins></p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 6:12]</b> <del>Or ever</del> <ins>Before</ins> I was <ins>even</ins> aware, <del>my</del> <ins>My</ins> soul <ins>had</ins> made me <del>like</del> <ins>As</ins> the chariots of <del>Amminadib.</del> <ins>my noble people.</ins></p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 6:13]</b> Return, return, O Shulamite; <del>return,</del> <ins>Return,</ins> return, that we may look upon <del>thee.</del> <ins>you!</ins> What <del>will ye</del> <ins>would you</ins> see in the <del>Shulamite? As</del> <ins>Shulamite--As</ins> it <del>were</del> <ins>were,</ins> the <del>company</del> <ins>dance</ins> of <ins>the</ins> two <del>armies.</del> <ins>camps?</ins></p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 7:1]</b> How beautiful are <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> feet <del>with shoes,</del> <ins>in sandals,</ins> O prince's daughter! <del>the joints</del> <ins>The curves</ins> of <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> thighs are like jewels, <del>the</del> <ins>The</ins> work of the hands of a <del>cunning</del> <ins>skillful</ins> workman.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 7:2]</b> <del>Thy</del> <ins>Your</ins> navel is <del>like</del> a <del>round goblet, which wanteth not liquor: thy belly</del> <ins>rounded goblet; It lacks no blended beverage. Your waist</ins> is <del>like an</del> <ins>a</ins> heap of wheat <del>set</del> <ins>Set</ins> about with lilies.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 7:3]</b> <del>Thy</del> <ins>Your</ins> two breasts are like two <del>young roes that are twins.</del> <ins>fawns, Twins of a gazelle.</ins></p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 7:4]</b> <del>Thy</del> <ins>Your</ins> neck is <del>as a tower of ivory; thine</del> <ins>like an ivory tower, Your</ins> eyes like the <del>fishpools</del> <ins>pools</ins> in <del>Heshbon, by</del> <ins>Heshbon By</ins> the gate of <del>Bathrabbim: thy</del> <ins>Bath Rabbim. Your</ins> nose is <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> the tower of Lebanon <del>which looketh</del> <ins>Which looks</ins> toward Damascus.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 7:5]</b> <del>Thine</del> <ins>Your</ins> head <del>upon thee is</del> <ins>crowns you</ins> like <ins>Mount</ins> Carmel, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> the hair of <del>thine</del> <ins>your</ins> head <ins>is</ins> like purple; <del>the</del> <ins>A</ins> king is held <del>in the galleries.</del> <ins>captive by your tresses.</ins></p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 7:6]</b> How fair and how pleasant <del>art thou,</del> <ins>you are,</ins> O love, <del>for</del> <ins>with your</ins> delights!</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 7:7]</b> This <del>thy</del> stature <ins>of yours</ins> is like <del>to</del> a palm tree, <del>and thy</del> <ins>And your</ins> breasts <del>to clusters of grapes.</del> <ins>like its clusters.</ins></p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 7:8]</b> I said, <del>I</del> <ins>"I</ins> will go up to the palm tree, I will take hold of <del>the boughs thereof:</del> <ins>its branches." Let</ins> now <del>also thy</del> <ins>your</ins> breasts <del>shall</del> be <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> clusters of the vine, <del>and the smell</del> <ins>The fragrance</ins> of <del>thy nose</del> <ins>your breath</ins> like <del>apples;</del> <ins>apples,</ins></p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 7:9]</b> And the roof of <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> mouth like the best <ins>wine. The</ins> wine <ins>goes down smoothly</ins> for my beloved, <del>that goeth down sweetly, causing</del> <ins>Moving gently</ins> the lips of <del>those that are asleep to speak.</del> <ins>sleepers.</ins></p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 7:10]</b> I am my beloved's, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> his desire is toward me.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 7:11]</b> Come, my beloved, <del>let</del> <ins>Let</ins> us go forth <del>into</del> <ins>to</ins> the field; <del>let</del> <ins>Let</ins> us lodge in the villages.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 7:12]</b> Let us get up early to the vineyards; <del>let</del> <ins>Let</ins> us see if the vine <del>flourish, whether</del> <ins>has budded, Whether</ins> the <del>tender</del> grape <del>appear, and</del> <ins>blossoms are open, And</ins> the pomegranates <del>bud forth: there will</del> <ins>are in bloom. There</ins> I <ins>will</ins> give <del>thee</del> <ins>you</ins> my <del>loves.</del> <ins>love.</ins></p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 7:13]</b> The mandrakes give <ins>off</ins> a <del>smell, and</del> <ins>fragrance, And</ins> at our gates are <del>all manner of</del> pleasant fruits, <ins>All manner,</ins> new and old, <del>which</del> <ins>Which</ins> I have laid up for <del>thee, O</del> <ins>you,</ins> my beloved.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 8:1]</b> <del>O</del> <ins>Oh,</ins> that <del>thou wert as</del> <ins>you were like</ins> my brother, <del>that sucked the breasts of</del> <ins>Who nursed at</ins> my <del>mother! when</del> <ins>mother's breasts! If</ins> I should find <del>thee without,</del> <ins>you outside,</ins> I would kiss <del>thee; yea,</del> <ins>you;</ins> I <del>should</del> <ins>would</ins> not be despised.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 8:2]</b> I would lead <del>thee,</del> <ins>you</ins> and bring <del>thee into</del> <ins>you Into the house of</ins> my <del>mother's house,</del> <ins>mother, She</ins> who <del>would</del> <ins>used to</ins> instruct <del>me:</del> <ins>me.</ins> I would cause <del>thee</del> <ins>you</ins> to drink of spiced <del>wine of</del> <ins>wine, Of</ins> the juice of my pomegranate.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 8:3]</b> His left hand <del>should be</del> <ins>is</ins> under my head, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> his right hand <del>should embrace</del> <ins>embraces</ins> me.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 8:4]</b> I charge you, O daughters of Jerusalem, <del>that ye stir</del> <ins>Do</ins> not <del>up,</del> <ins>stir up</ins> nor <del>awake my love, until he please.</del> <ins>awaken love Until it pleases.</ins></p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 8:5]</b> Who is this <del>that cometh</del> <ins>coming</ins> up from the wilderness, <del>leaning</del> <ins>Leaning</ins> upon her beloved? I <del>raised thee up</del> <ins>awakened you</ins> under the apple <del>tree: there thy</del> <ins>tree. There your</ins> mother brought <del>thee forth: there</del> <ins>you forth; There</ins> she <ins>who bore you</ins> brought <del>thee forth that bare thee.</del> <ins>you forth.</ins></p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 8:6]</b> Set me as a seal upon <del>thine</del> <ins>your</ins> heart, <del>as</del> <ins>As</ins> a seal upon <del>thine arm: for</del> <ins>your arm; For</ins> love is <ins>as</ins> strong as <del>death; jealousy is</del> <ins>death, Jealousy as</ins> cruel as the <del>grave: the coals thereof</del> <ins>grave; Its flames</ins> are <del>coals</del> <ins>flames</ins> of fire, <del>which hath a</del> <ins>A</ins> most vehement flame.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 8:7]</b> Many waters cannot quench love, <del>neither</del> <ins>Nor</ins> can the floods drown <del>it: if</del> <ins>it. If</ins> a man would give <del>all</del> <ins>for love All</ins> the <del>substance</del> <ins>wealth</ins> of his <del>house for love, it</del> <ins>house, It</ins> would <del>utterly</del> be <del>contemned.</del> <ins>utterly despised.</ins></p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 8:8]</b> We have a little sister, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> she <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> no <del>breasts: what</del> <ins>breasts. What</ins> shall we do for our sister <del>in</del> <ins>In</ins> the day when she <del>shall be</del> <ins>is</ins> spoken for?</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 8:9]</b> If she <del>be</del> <ins>is</ins> a wall, <del>we</del> <ins>We</ins> will build upon her <del>a palace</del> <ins>A battlement</ins> of <del>silver: and</del> <ins>silver; And</ins> if she <del>be</del> <ins>is</ins> a door, <del>we</del> <ins>We</ins> will <del>inclose</del> <ins>enclose</ins> her <del>with</del> <ins>With</ins> boards of cedar.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 8:10]</b> I am a wall, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> my breasts like <del>towers: then was</del> <ins>towers; Then</ins> I <ins>became</ins> in his eyes <del>as</del> <ins>As</ins> one <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> found <del>favour.</del> <ins>peace.</ins></p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 8:11]</b> Solomon had a vineyard at <del>Baalhamon; he let out</del> <ins>Baal Hamon; He leased</ins> the vineyard <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> keepers; <del>every one for the fruit thereof</del> <ins>Everyone</ins> was to bring <del>a</del> <ins>for its fruit A</ins> thousand <del>pieces of silver.</del> <ins>silver coins.</ins></p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 8:12]</b> My <del>vineyard, which is mine,</del> <ins>own vineyard</ins> is before <del>me: thou,</del> <ins>me. You,</ins> O Solomon, <del>must</del> <ins>may</ins> have a thousand, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> those <del>that keep the</del> <ins>who tend its</ins> fruit <del>thereof</del> two hundred.</p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 8:13]</b> <del>Thou that dwellest</del> <ins>You who dwell</ins> in the gardens, <del>the</del> <ins>The</ins> companions <del>hearken to thy voice: cause</del> <ins>listen for your voice--Let</ins> me <del>to</del> hear <del>it.</del> <ins>it!</ins></p><p><b>[Song of Solomon 8:14]</b> Make haste, my beloved, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> be <del>thou</del> like <del>to</del> a <del>roe or to</del> <ins>gazelle Or</ins> a young <del>hart upon</del> <ins>stag On</ins> the mountains of spices.</p>