<p><b>[Titus 1:1]</b> Paul, a <del>servant</del> <ins>bondservant</ins> of <del>God,</del> <ins>God</ins> and an apostle of Jesus Christ, according to the faith of God's <del>elect,</del> <ins>elect</ins> and the <del>acknowledging</del> <ins>acknowledgment</ins> of the truth which <del>is after godliness;</del> <ins>accords with godliness,</ins></p><p><b>[Titus 1:2]</b> <del>In</del> <ins>in</ins> hope of eternal <del>life,</del> <ins>life</ins> which God, <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> cannot lie, promised before <del>the world began;</del> <ins>time began,</ins></p><p><b>[Titus 1:3]</b> <del>But hath</del> <ins>but has</ins> in due <del>times</del> <ins>time</ins> manifested <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> word through preaching, which <del>is</del> <ins>was</ins> committed <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me according to the commandment of God our <del>Saviour;</del> <ins>Savior;</ins></p><p><b>[Titus 1:4]</b> To Titus, <del>mine own</del> <ins>a true</ins> son <del>after the</del> <ins>in our</ins> common faith: Grace, mercy, and <del>peace,</del> <ins>peace</ins> from God the Father and the Lord Jesus Christ our <del>Saviour.</del> <ins>Savior.</ins></p><p><b>[Titus 1:5]</b> For this <del>cause left</del> <ins>reason</ins> I <del>thee</del> <ins>left you</ins> in Crete, that <del>thou shouldest</del> <ins>you should</ins> set in order the things that are <del>wanting,</del> <ins>lacking,</ins> and <del>ordain</del> <ins>appoint</ins> elders in every <del>city,</del> <ins>city</ins> as I <del>had appointed thee:</del> <ins>commanded you--</ins></p><p><b>[Titus 1:6]</b> <del>If any be</del> <ins>if a man is</ins> blameless, the husband of one wife, having faithful children not accused of <del>riot</del> <ins>dissipation</ins> or <del>unruly.</del> <ins>insubordination.</ins></p><p><b>[Titus 1:7]</b> For a bishop must be blameless, as <del>the</del> <ins>a</ins> steward of <del>God;</del> <ins>God,</ins> not <del>selfwilled,</del> <ins>self-willed,</ins> not <del>soon angry,</del> <ins>quick-tempered,</ins> not given to wine, <del>no striker,</del> not <del>given to filthy lucre;</del> <ins>violent, not greedy for money,</ins></p><p><b>[Titus 1:8]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>but hospitable,</ins> a lover of <del>hospitality, a lover of good men, sober,</del> <ins>what is good, sober-minded,</ins> just, holy, <del>temperate;</del> <ins>self-controlled,</ins></p><p><b>[Titus 1:9]</b> <del>Holding</del> <ins>holding</ins> fast the faithful word as he <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> been taught, that he may be <del>able</del> <ins>able,</ins> by sound <del>doctrine</del> <ins>doctrine,</ins> both to exhort and <del>to convince the gainsayers.</del> <ins>convict those who contradict.</ins></p><p><b>[Titus 1:10]</b> For there are many <del>unruly and vain</del> <ins>insubordinate, both idle</ins> talkers and deceivers, <del>specially they</del> <ins>especially those</ins> of the <del>circumcision:</del> <ins>circumcision,</ins></p><p><b>[Titus 1:11]</b> <del>Whose</del> <ins>whose</ins> mouths must be stopped, who subvert whole <del>houses,</del> <ins>households,</ins> teaching things which they ought not, for <del>filthy lucre's sake.</del> <ins>the sake of dishonest gain.</ins></p><p><b>[Titus 1:12]</b> One of <del>themselves, even</del> <ins>them,</ins> a prophet of their own, said, <del>the Cretians</del> <ins>"Cretans</ins> are <del>alway</del> <ins>always</ins> liars, evil beasts, <del>slow bellies.</del> <ins>lazy gluttons."</ins></p><p><b>[Titus 1:13]</b> This <del>witness</del> <ins>testimony</ins> is true. <del>Wherefore</del> <ins>Therefore</ins> rebuke them sharply, that they may be sound in the <del>faith;</del> <ins>faith,</ins></p><p><b>[Titus 1:14]</b> <del>Not</del> <ins>not</ins> giving heed to Jewish <del>fables,</del> <ins>fables</ins> and commandments of <del>men, that</del> <ins>men who</ins> turn from the truth.</p><p><b>[Titus 1:15]</b> <del>Unto</del> <ins>To</ins> the pure all things are <del>pure:</del> <ins>pure,</ins> but <del>unto them that</del> <ins>to those who</ins> are defiled and unbelieving <del>is</del> nothing <ins>is</ins> pure; but even their mind and conscience <del>is</del> <ins>are</ins> defiled.</p><p><b>[Titus 1:16]</b> They profess <del>that they</del> <ins>to</ins> know <del>God;</del> <ins>God,</ins> but in works they deny <del>him,</del> <ins>Him,</ins> being abominable, <del>and</del> disobedient, and <del>unto</del> <ins>disqualified for</ins> every good <del>work reprobate.</del> <ins>work.</ins></p><p><b>[Titus 2:1]</b> But <ins>as for you,</ins> speak <del>thou</del> the things which <del>become</del> <ins>are proper for</ins> sound doctrine:</p><p><b>[Titus 2:2]</b> <del>That</del> <ins>that</ins> the <del>aged</del> <ins>older</ins> men be sober, <del>grave,</del> <ins>reverent,</ins> temperate, sound in faith, in <del>charity,</del> <ins>love,</ins> in <del>patience.</del> <ins>patience;</ins></p><p><b>[Titus 2:3]</b> <del>The aged</del> <ins>the older</ins> women likewise, that they be <ins>reverent</ins> in <del>behaviour as becometh holiness,</del> <ins>behavior,</ins> not <del>false accusers,</del> <ins>slanderers,</ins> not given to much wine, teachers of good <del>things;</del> <ins>things--</ins></p><p><b>[Titus 2:4]</b> <del>That</del> <ins>that</ins> they <del>may teach</del> <ins>admonish</ins> the young women <del>to be sober,</del> to love their husbands, to love their children,</p><p><b>[Titus 2:5]</b> <del>To</del> <ins>to</ins> be discreet, chaste, <del>keepers at home,</del> <ins>homemakers,</ins> good, obedient to their own husbands, that the word of God <del>be</del> <ins>may</ins> not <ins>be</ins> blasphemed.</p><p><b>[Titus 2:6]</b> <del>Young men likewise</del> <ins>Likewise,</ins> exhort <ins>the young men</ins> to be <del>sober minded.</del> <ins>sober-minded,</ins></p><p><b>[Titus 2:7]</b> <del>In</del> <ins>in</ins> all things <del>shewing thyself</del> <ins>showing yourself to be</ins> a pattern of good <del>works:</del> <ins>works;</ins> in doctrine <del>shewing uncorruptness, gravity, sincerity,</del> <ins>showing integrity, reverence, incorruptibility,</ins></p><p><b>[Titus 2:8]</b> <del>Sound speech,</del> <ins>sound speech</ins> that cannot be <del>condemned;</del> <ins>condemned,</ins> that <del>he that</del> <ins>one who</ins> is <del>of the contrary part</del> <ins>an opponent</ins> may be ashamed, having <del>no</del> <ins>nothing</ins> evil <del>thing</del> to say of you.</p><p><b>[Titus 2:9]</b> Exhort <del>servants</del> <ins>bondservants</ins> to be obedient <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> their own masters, <del>and</del> to <del>please them</del> <ins>be</ins> well <ins>pleasing</ins> in all <del>things;</del> <ins>things,</ins> not answering <del>again;</del> <ins>back,</ins></p><p><b>[Titus 2:10]</b> <del>Not purloining,</del> <ins>not pilfering,</ins> but <del>shewing</del> <ins>showing</ins> all good <del>fidelity;</del> <ins>fidelity,</ins> that they may adorn the doctrine of God our <del>Saviour</del> <ins>Savior</ins> in all things.</p><p><b>[Titus 2:11]</b> For the grace of God that <del>bringeth</del> <ins>brings</ins> salvation <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> appeared to all men,</p><p><b>[Titus 2:12]</b> <del>Teaching</del> <ins>teaching</ins> us that, denying ungodliness and worldly lusts, we should live soberly, righteously, and <del>godly,</del> <ins>godly</ins> in <del>this</del> <ins>the</ins> present <del>world;</del> <ins>age,</ins></p><p><b>[Titus 2:13]</b> <del>Looking</del> <ins>looking</ins> for <del>that blessed hope, and</del> the <ins>blessed hope and</ins> glorious appearing of <del>the</del> <ins>our</ins> great God and <del>our Saviour</del> <ins>Savior</ins> Jesus <del>Christ;</del> <ins>Christ,</ins></p><p><b>[Titus 2:14]</b> <del>Who</del> <ins>who</ins> gave <del>himself</del> <ins>Himself</ins> for us, that <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> might redeem us from <del>all iniquity,</del> <ins>every lawless deed</ins> and purify <del>unto himself a peculiar</del> <ins>for Himself His own special</ins> people, zealous <del>of</del> <ins>for</ins> good works.</p><p><b>[Titus 2:15]</b> <del>These things speak, and</del> <ins>Speak these things,</ins> exhort, and rebuke with all authority. Let no <del>man</del> <ins>one</ins> despise <del>thee.</del> <ins>you.</ins></p><p><b>[Titus 3:1]</b> <del>Put</del> <ins>Remind</ins> them <del>in mind</del> to be subject to <del>principalities</del> <ins>rulers</ins> and <del>powers,</del> <ins>authorities,</ins> to <del>obey magistrates,</del> <ins>obey,</ins> to be ready <del>to</del> <ins>for</ins> every good work,</p><p><b>[Titus 3:2]</b> <del>To</del> <ins>to</ins> speak evil of no <del>man,</del> <ins>one,</ins> to be <del>no brawlers, but</del> <ins>peaceable,</ins> gentle, <del>shewing</del> <ins>showing</ins> all <del>meekness unto</del> <ins>humility to</ins> all men.</p><p><b>[Titus 3:3]</b> For we ourselves <del>also</del> were <del>sometimes</del> <ins>also once</ins> foolish, disobedient, deceived, serving <del>divers</del> <ins>various</ins> lusts and pleasures, living in malice and envy, <del>hateful,</del> <ins>hateful</ins> and hating one another.</p><p><b>[Titus 3:4]</b> But <del>after that</del> <ins>when</ins> the kindness and <ins>the</ins> love of God our <del>Saviour</del> <ins>Savior</ins> toward man appeared,</p><p><b>[Titus 3:5]</b> <del>Not</del> <ins>not</ins> by works of righteousness which we have done, but according to <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> mercy <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> saved us, <del>by</del> <ins>through</ins> the washing of <del>regeneration,</del> <ins>regeneration</ins> and renewing of the Holy <del>Ghost;</del> <ins>Spirit,</ins></p><p><b>[Titus 3:6]</b> <del>Which he shed</del> <ins>whom He poured out</ins> on us abundantly through Jesus Christ our <del>Saviour;</del> <ins>Savior,</ins></p><p><b>[Titus 3:7]</b> <del>That being</del> <ins>that having been</ins> justified by <del>his grace,</del> <ins>His grace</ins> we should <del>be made</del> <ins>become</ins> heirs according to the hope of eternal life.</p><p><b>[Titus 3:8]</b> This is a faithful saying, and these things I <del>will that thou</del> <ins>want you to</ins> affirm constantly, that <del>they which</del> <ins>those who</ins> have believed in God <del>might</del> <ins>should</ins> be careful to maintain good works. These things are good and profitable <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> men.</p><p><b>[Titus 3:9]</b> But avoid foolish <del>questions, and</del> <ins>disputes,</ins> genealogies, <del>and</del> contentions, and strivings about the law; for they are unprofitable and <del>vain.</del> <ins>useless.</ins></p><p><b>[Titus 3:10]</b> <del>A</del> <ins>Reject a divisive</ins> man <del>that is an heretick</del> after the first and second <del>admonition reject;</del> <ins>admonition,</ins></p><p><b>[Titus 3:11]</b> <del>Knowing</del> <ins>knowing</ins> that <del>he that is</del> such <ins>a person</ins> is <del>subverted,</del> <ins>warped</ins> and <del>sinneth,</del> <ins>sinning,</ins> being <del>condemned of himself.</del> <ins>self-condemned.</ins></p><p><b>[Titus 3:12]</b> When I <del>shall</del> send Artemas <del>unto thee,</del> <ins>to you,</ins> or Tychicus, be diligent to come <del>unto me</del> to <del>Nicopolis:</del> <ins>me at Nicopolis,</ins> for I have <del>determined there</del> <ins>decided</ins> to <del>winter.</del> <ins>spend the winter there.</ins></p><p><b>[Titus 3:13]</b> <del>Bring</del> <ins>Send</ins> Zenas the lawyer and Apollos on their journey <del>diligently,</del> <ins>with haste,</ins> that <del>nothing be wanting unto them.</del> <ins>they may lack nothing.</ins></p><p><b>[Titus 3:14]</b> And let <del>our's</del> <ins>our people</ins> also learn to maintain good <del>works for necessary uses,</del> <ins>works, to meet urgent needs,</ins> that they <del>be</del> <ins>may</ins> not <ins>be</ins> unfruitful.</p><p><b>[Titus 3:15]</b> All <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> are with me <del>salute thee.</del> <ins>greet you.</ins> Greet <del>them that</del> <ins>those who</ins> love us in the faith. Grace be with you all. Amen.</p>