<p><b>[Zechariah 1:1]</b> In the eighth <del>month, in</del> <ins>month of</ins> the second year of Darius, <del>came</del> the word of the LORD <del>unto Zechariah,</del> <ins>came to Zechariah</ins> the son of Berechiah, the son of Iddo the prophet, saying,</p><p><b>[Zechariah 1:2]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>"The</ins> LORD <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> been <del>sore displeased</del> <ins>very angry</ins> with your fathers.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 1:3]</b> Therefore say <del>thou unto</del> <ins>to</ins> them, <del>Thus saith</del> <ins>"Thus says</ins> the LORD of <del>hosts; Turn ye unto me, saith</del> <ins>hosts: "Return to Me," says</ins> the LORD of hosts, <del>and</del> <ins>"and</ins> I will <del>turn unto you, saith</del> <ins>return to you," says</ins> the LORD of hosts.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 1:4]</b> <del>Be ye</del> <ins>"Do</ins> not <del>as</del> <ins>be like</ins> your fathers, <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> whom the former prophets <del>have cried,</del> <ins>preached,</ins> saying, <del>Thus saith</del> <ins>"Thus says</ins> the LORD of <del>hosts; Turn ye</del> <ins>hosts: "Turn</ins> now from your evil <del>ways,</del> <ins>ways</ins> and <del>from</del> your evil <del>doings: but</del> <ins>deeds."' But</ins> they did not <del>hear,</del> <ins>hear</ins> nor <del>hearken unto me, saith</del> <ins>heed Me," says</ins> the LORD.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 1:5]</b> <del>Your</del> <ins>"Your</ins> fathers, where are they? <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> the prophets, do they live <del>for ever?</del> <ins>forever?</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 1:6]</b> <del>But my</del> <ins>Yet surely My</ins> words and <del>my</del> <ins>My</ins> statutes, <del>which</del> <ins>Which</ins> I commanded <del>my</del> <ins>My</ins> servants the prophets, <del>did</del> <ins>Did</ins> they not <del>take hold of</del> <ins>overtake</ins> your fathers? <del>and</del> <ins>"So</ins> they returned and <del>said, Like</del> <ins>said: "Just</ins> as the LORD of hosts <del>thought</del> <ins>determined</ins> to do <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> us, <del>according</del> <ins>According</ins> to our <del>ways,</del> <ins>ways</ins> and according to our <del>doings, so hath he</del> <ins>deeds, So He has</ins> dealt with <del>us.</del> <ins>us."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 1:7]</b> <del>Upon</del> <ins>On</ins> the <del>four and twentieth</del> <ins>twenty-fourth</ins> day of the eleventh month, which is the month <del>Sebat,</del> <ins>Shebat,</ins> in the second year of Darius, <del>came</del> the word of the LORD <del>unto Zechariah,</del> <ins>came to Zechariah</ins> the son of Berechiah, the son of Iddo the <del>prophet, saying,</del> <ins>prophet:</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 1:8]</b> I saw by night, and <del>behold</del> <ins>behold,</ins> a man riding <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> a red horse, and <del>he</del> <ins>it</ins> stood among the myrtle trees <del>that were</del> in the <del>bottom;</del> <ins>hollow;</ins> and behind him were <del>there red horses, speckled,</del> <ins>horses: red, sorrel,</ins> and white.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 1:9]</b> Then <del>said I, O my</del> <ins>I said, "My</ins> lord, what are <del>these? And</del> <ins>these?" So</ins> the angel <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> talked with me said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me, <del>I</del> <ins>"I</ins> will <del>shew thee</del> <ins>show you</ins> what <del>these be.</del> <ins>they are."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 1:10]</b> And the man <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> stood among the myrtle trees answered and said, <del>These</del> <ins>"These</ins> are <del>they</del> <ins>the ones</ins> whom the LORD <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> sent to walk to and fro <del>through</del> <ins>throughout</ins> the <del>earth.</del> <ins>earth."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 1:11]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>So</ins> they answered the <del>angel</del> <ins>Angel</ins> of the <del>LORD that</del> <ins>LORD, who</ins> stood among the myrtle trees, and said, <del>We</del> <ins>"We</ins> have walked to and fro <del>through</del> <ins>throughout</ins> the earth, <del>and,</del> <ins>and</ins> behold, all the earth <del>sitteth still, and</del> is <del>at rest.</del> <ins>resting quietly."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 1:12]</b> Then the <del>angel</del> <ins>Angel</ins> of the LORD answered and said, <del>O</del> <ins>"O</ins> LORD of hosts, how long <del>wilt thou</del> <ins>will You</ins> not have mercy on Jerusalem and on the cities of Judah, against which <del>thou hast had indignation</del> <ins>You were angry</ins> these <del>threescore and ten years?</del> <ins>seventy years?"</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 1:13]</b> And the LORD answered the angel <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> talked <del>with me</del> <ins>to me,</ins> with good <del>words</del> and <del>comfortable</del> <ins>comforting</ins> words.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 1:14]</b> So the angel <del>that communed</del> <ins>who spoke</ins> with me said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me, <del>Cry thou,</del> <ins>"Proclaim,</ins> saying, <del>Thus saith</del> <ins>"Thus says</ins> the LORD of <del>hosts; I</del> <ins>hosts: "I</ins> am <del>jealous</del> <ins>zealous</ins> for Jerusalem <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> for Zion with <del>a</del> great <del>jealousy.</del> <ins>zeal.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 1:15]</b> <del>And</del> I am <del>very sore displeased</del> <ins>exceedingly angry</ins> with the <del>heathen that are</del> <ins>nations</ins> at <del>ease: for</del> <ins>ease; For</ins> I was <del>but</del> a little <del>displeased, and</del> <ins>angry, And</ins> they <del>helped forward the affliction.</del> <ins>helped--but with evil intent."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 1:16]</b> <del>Therefore</del> <ins>"Therefore</ins> thus <del>saith</del> <ins>says</ins> the <del>LORD; I</del> <ins>LORD: "I</ins> am <del>returned</del> <ins>returning</ins> to Jerusalem with <del>mercies: my</del> <ins>mercy; My</ins> house shall be built in <del>it, saith</del> <ins>it," says</ins> the LORD of hosts, <del>and</del> <ins>"And</ins> a <ins>surveyor's</ins> line shall be stretched <del>forth upon Jerusalem.</del> <ins>out over Jerusalem."'</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 1:17]</b> <del>Cry yet,</del> <ins>"Again proclaim,</ins> saying, <del>Thus saith</del> <ins>"Thus says</ins> the LORD of <del>hosts; My</del> <ins>hosts: "My</ins> cities <del>through prosperity</del> shall <del>yet be</del> <ins>again</ins> spread <del>abroad; and the</del> <ins>out through prosperity; The</ins> LORD <del>shall yet</del> <ins>will again</ins> comfort Zion, <del>and shall yet</del> <ins>And will again</ins> choose <del>Jerusalem.</del> <ins>Jerusalem.'</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 1:18]</b> Then <del>lifted</del> I <del>up mine eyes,</del> <ins>raised my eyes</ins> and <del>saw,</del> <ins>looked,</ins> and <del>behold</del> <ins>there were</ins> four horns.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 1:19]</b> And I said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the angel <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> talked with me, <del>What be these? And</del> <ins>"What are these?" So</ins> he answered me, <del>These</del> <ins>"These</ins> are the horns <del>which</del> <ins>that</ins> have scattered Judah, Israel, and <del>Jerusalem.</del> <ins>Jerusalem."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 1:20]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> the LORD <del>shewed</del> <ins>showed</ins> me four <del>carpenters.</del> <ins>craftsmen.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 1:21]</b> <del>Then said I, What come these to do?</del> And <ins>I said, "What are these coming to do?" So</ins> he <del>spake, saying, These</del> <ins>said, "These</ins> are the horns <del>which have</del> <ins>that</ins> scattered Judah, so that no <del>man did</del> <ins>one could</ins> lift up his <del>head:</del> <ins>head;</ins> but <del>these</del> <ins>the craftsmen</ins> are <del>come</del> <ins>coming</ins> to <del>fray</del> <ins>terrify</ins> them, to cast out the horns of the <del>Gentiles, which</del> <ins>nations that</ins> lifted up their horn <del>over</del> <ins>against</ins> the land of Judah to scatter <del>it.</del> <ins>it."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 2:1]</b> <ins>Then</ins> I <del>lifted up mine</del> <ins>raised my</ins> eyes <del>again,</del> and looked, and <del>behold</del> <ins>behold,</ins> a man with a measuring line in his hand.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 2:2]</b> <del>Then said I, Whither goest thou?</del> <ins>So I said, "Where are you going?"</ins> And he said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me, <del>To</del> <ins>"To</ins> measure Jerusalem, to see what is <del>the breadth thereof,</del> <ins>its width</ins> and what is <del>the length thereof.</del> <ins>its length."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 2:3]</b> <del>And, behold,</del> <ins>And there was</ins> the angel <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> talked with <del>me went forth,</del> <ins>me, going out;</ins> and another angel <del>went</del> <ins>was coming</ins> out to meet him,</p><p><b>[Zechariah 2:4]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>who</ins> said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> him, <del>Run,</del> <ins>"Run,</ins> speak to this young man, <del>saying, Jerusalem</del> <ins>saying: "Jerusalem</ins> shall be inhabited as towns without <del>walls for</del> <ins>walls, because of</ins> the multitude of men and <del>cattle therein:</del> <ins>livestock in it.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 2:5]</b> For <del>I, saith</del> <ins>I,' says</ins> the LORD, <del>will</del> <ins>"will</ins> be <del>unto her</del> a wall of fire <del>round about,</del> <ins>all around her,</ins> and <ins>I</ins> will be the glory in <del>the midst of her.</del> <ins>her midst."'</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 2:6]</b> <del>Ho, ho, come forth, and flee</del> <ins>"Up, up! Flee</ins> from the land of the <del>north, saith</del> <ins>north," says</ins> the <del>LORD: for</del> <ins>LORD; "for</ins> I have spread you abroad <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> the four winds of <del>the heaven, saith</del> <ins>heaven," says</ins> the LORD.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 2:7]</b> <del>Deliver thyself, O Zion, that dwellest</del> <ins>"Up, Zion! Escape, you who dwell</ins> with the daughter of <del>Babylon.</del> <ins>Babylon."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 2:8]</b> For thus <del>saith</del> <ins>says</ins> the LORD of <del>hosts; After the glory hath he</del> <ins>hosts: "He</ins> sent <del>me unto</del> <ins>Me after glory, to</ins> the nations which <del>spoiled you:</del> <ins>plunder you;</ins> for he <del>that toucheth</del> <ins>who touches</ins> you <del>toucheth</del> <ins>touches</ins> the apple of <del>his</del> <ins>His</ins> eye.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 2:9]</b> <del>For, behold,</del> <ins>For surely</ins> I will shake <del>mine</del> <ins>My</ins> hand <del>upon</del> <ins>against</ins> them, and they shall <del>be a</del> <ins>become</ins> spoil <del>to</del> <ins>for</ins> their <del>servants: and ye shall</del> <ins>servants. Then you will</ins> know that the LORD of hosts <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> sent <del>me.</del> <ins>Me.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 2:10]</b> <del>Sing</del> <ins>"Sing</ins> and rejoice, O daughter of <del>Zion: for, lo,</del> <ins>Zion! For behold,</ins> I <del>come,</del> <ins>am coming</ins> and I will dwell in <del>the midst of thee, saith</del> <ins>your midst," says</ins> the LORD.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 2:11]</b> <del>And many</del> <ins>"Many</ins> nations shall be joined to the LORD in that day, and <ins>they</ins> shall <del>be my people: and</del> <ins>become My people. And</ins> I will dwell in <del>the midst of thee, and thou shalt</del> <ins>your midst. Then you will</ins> know that the LORD of hosts <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> sent <del>me unto thee.</del> <ins>Me to you.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 2:12]</b> And the LORD <del>shall inherit</del> <ins>will take possession of</ins> Judah <del>his portion</del> <ins>as His inheritance</ins> in the <del>holy land,</del> <ins>Holy Land,</ins> and <del>shall</del> <ins>will again</ins> choose <del>Jerusalem again.</del> <ins>Jerusalem.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 2:13]</b> Be silent, <del>O</del> all flesh, before the <del>LORD:</del> <ins>LORD,</ins> for <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> is <del>raised up out of his</del> <ins>aroused from His</ins> holy <del>habitation.</del> <ins>habitation!"</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 3:1]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> he <del>shewed</del> <ins>showed</ins> me Joshua the high priest standing before the <del>angel</del> <ins>Angel</ins> of the LORD, and Satan standing at his right hand to <del>resist</del> <ins>oppose</ins> him.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 3:2]</b> And the LORD said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> Satan, <del>The</del> <ins>"The</ins> LORD rebuke <del>thee, O Satan; even the</del> <ins>you, Satan! The</ins> LORD <del>that hath</del> <ins>who has</ins> chosen Jerusalem rebuke <del>thee: is not</del> <ins>you! Is</ins> this <ins>not</ins> a brand plucked <del>out of</del> <ins>from</ins> the <del>fire?</del> <ins>fire?"</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 3:3]</b> Now Joshua was clothed with filthy garments, and <del>stood</del> <ins>was standing</ins> before the <del>angel.</del> <ins>Angel.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 3:4]</b> <del>And he</del> <ins>Then He</ins> answered and <del>spake unto</del> <ins>spoke to</ins> those <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> stood before <del>him,</del> <ins>Him,</ins> saying, <del>Take</del> <ins>"Take</ins> away the filthy garments from <del>him.</del> <ins>him."</ins> And <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> him <del>he</del> <ins>He</ins> said, <del>Behold,</del> <ins>"See,</ins> I have <del>caused thine</del> <ins>removed your</ins> iniquity <del>to pass</del> from <del>thee,</del> <ins>you,</ins> and I will clothe <del>thee</del> <ins>you</ins> with <del>change of raiment.</del> <ins>rich robes."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 3:5]</b> And I said, <del>Let</del> <ins>"Let</ins> them <del>set</del> <ins>put</ins> a <del>fair mitre upon</del> <ins>clean turban on</ins> his <del>head.</del> <ins>head."</ins> So they <del>set</del> <ins>put</ins> a <del>fair mitre upon</del> <ins>clean turban on</ins> his head, and <del>clothed him with garments.</del> <ins>they put the clothes on him.</ins> And the <del>angel</del> <ins>Angel</ins> of the LORD stood by.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 3:6]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> the <del>angel</del> <ins>Angel</ins> of the LORD <del>protested unto</del> <ins>admonished</ins> Joshua, saying,</p><p><b>[Zechariah 3:7]</b> <del>Thus saith</del> <ins>"Thus says</ins> the LORD of <del>hosts; If thou wilt</del> <ins>hosts: "If you will</ins> walk in <del>my</del> <ins>My</ins> ways, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> if <del>thou wilt</del> <ins>you will</ins> keep <del>my charge, then thou shalt</del> <ins>My command, Then you shall</ins> also judge <del>my</del> <ins>My</ins> house, <del>and shalt also keep my courts, and</del> <ins>And likewise have charge of My courts;</ins> I will give <del>thee</del> <ins>you</ins> places to walk <del>among</del> <ins>Among</ins> these <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> stand <del>by.</del> <ins>here.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 3:8]</b> <del>Hear now,</del> <ins>"Hear,</ins> O <del>Joshua</del> <ins>Joshua,</ins> the high priest, <del>thou,</del> <ins>You</ins> and <del>thy fellows that</del> <ins>your companions who</ins> sit before <del>thee: for</del> <ins>you, For</ins> they are <del>men wondered at: for,</del> <ins>a wondrous sign; For</ins> behold, I <del>will bring</del> <ins>am bringing</ins> forth <del>my servant</del> <ins>My Servant</ins> the BRANCH.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 3:9]</b> For <del>behold</del> <ins>behold,</ins> the stone <del>that</del> <ins>That</ins> I have laid before <del>Joshua; upon one</del> <ins>Joshua: Upon the</ins> stone <del>shall be</del> <ins>are</ins> seven <del>eyes: behold,</del> <ins>eyes. Behold,</ins> I will engrave <del>the graving thereof, saith</del> <ins>its inscription,' Says</ins> the LORD of hosts, <del>and</del> <ins>"And</ins> I will remove the iniquity of that land in one day.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 3:10]</b> In that <del>day, saith</del> <ins>day,' says</ins> the LORD of hosts, <del>shall ye call every man</del> <ins>"Everyone will invite</ins> his <del>neighbour under the</del> <ins>neighbor Under his</ins> vine and under <del>the</del> <ins>his</ins> fig <del>tree.</del> <ins>tree."'</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 4:1]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Now</ins> the angel <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> talked with me came <del>again,</del> <ins>back</ins> and <del>waked</del> <ins>wakened</ins> me, as a man <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> is wakened out of his sleep.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 4:2]</b> And <ins>he</ins> said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me, <del>What seest thou? And</del> <ins>"What do you see?" So</ins> I said, <del>I have looked,</del> <ins>"I am looking,</ins> and <del>behold</del> <ins>there is</ins> a <del>candlestick all</del> <ins>lampstand</ins> of <del>gold,</del> <ins>solid gold</ins> with a bowl <del>upon the</del> <ins>on</ins> top of it, and <del>his</del> <ins>on the stand</ins> seven lamps <del>thereon, and</del> <ins>with</ins> seven pipes to the seven <del>lamps, which are upon the top thereof:</del> <ins>lamps.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 4:3]</b> <del>And two</del> <ins>Two</ins> olive trees <ins>are</ins> by it, one <del>upon</del> <ins>at</ins> the right <del>side</del> of the <del>bowl,</del> <ins>bowl</ins> and the other <del>upon the left side thereof.</del> <ins>at its left."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 4:4]</b> So I answered and <del>spake</del> <ins>spoke</ins> to the angel <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> talked with me, saying, <del>What</del> <ins>"What</ins> are these, my <del>lord?</del> <ins>lord?"</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 4:5]</b> Then the angel <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> talked with me answered and said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me, <del>Knowest thou</del> <ins>"Do you</ins> not <ins>know</ins> what these <del>be?</del> <ins>are?"</ins> And I said, <del>No,</del> <ins>"No,</ins> my <del>lord.</del> <ins>lord."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 4:6]</b> <del>Then</del> <ins>So</ins> he answered and <del>spake unto me, saying, This</del> <ins>said to me: "This</ins> is the word of the LORD <del>unto Zerubbabel, saying, Not</del> <ins>to Zerubbabel: "Not</ins> by <del>might,</del> <ins>might</ins> nor by power, but by <del>my spirit, saith</del> <ins>My Spirit,' Says</ins> the LORD of hosts.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 4:7]</b> <del>Who art thou,</del> <ins>"Who are you,</ins> O great mountain? <del>before</del> <ins>Before</ins> Zerubbabel <del>thou shalt</del> <ins>you shall</ins> become a <del>plain: and</del> <ins>plain! And</ins> he shall bring forth the <del>headstone thereof with shoutings, crying, Grace,</del> <ins>capstone With shouts of "Grace,</ins> grace <del>unto it.</del> <ins>to it!'</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 4:8]</b> Moreover the word of the LORD came <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me, <del>saying,</del> <ins>saying:</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 4:9]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>"The</ins> hands of Zerubbabel <del>have</del> <ins>Have</ins> laid the foundation of this <del>house; his</del> <ins>temple; His</ins> hands shall also finish <del>it; and thou shalt</del> <ins>it. Then you will</ins> know <del>that</del> <ins>That</ins> the LORD of hosts <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> sent <del>me unto</del> <ins>Me to</ins> you.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 4:10]</b> For who <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> despised the day of small things? <del>for they shall rejoice, and shall</del> <ins>For these seven rejoice to</ins> see <del>the plummet</del> <ins>The plumb line</ins> in the hand of <del>Zerubbabel with those seven; they</del> <ins>Zerubbabel. They</ins> are the eyes of the LORD, <del>which run</del> <ins>Which scan</ins> to and fro <del>through</del> <ins>throughout</ins> the whole <del>earth.</del> <ins>earth."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 4:11]</b> Then <ins>I</ins> answered <del>I,</del> and said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> him, <del>What</del> <ins>"What</ins> are these two olive <del>trees upon</del> <ins>trees--at</ins> the right <del>side</del> of the <del>candlestick</del> <ins>lampstand</ins> and <del>upon the left side thereof?</del> <ins>at its left?"</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 4:12]</b> And I <ins>further</ins> answered <del>again,</del> and said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> him, <del>What be</del> <ins>"What are</ins> these two olive branches <del>which through</del> <ins>that drip into the receptacles of</ins> the two <del>golden</del> <ins>gold</ins> pipes <del>empty</del> <ins>from which</ins> the golden oil <del>out of themselves?</del> <ins>drains?"</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 4:13]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> he answered me and said, <del>Knowest thou</del> <ins>"Do you</ins> not <ins>know</ins> what these <del>be?</del> <ins>are?"</ins> And I said, <del>No,</del> <ins>"No,</ins> my <del>lord.</del> <ins>lord."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 4:14]</b> <del>Then said he, These</del> <ins>So he said, "These</ins> are the two anointed ones, <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> stand <del>by</del> <ins>beside</ins> the <del>LORD</del> <ins>Lord</ins> of the whole <del>earth.</del> <ins>earth."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 5:1]</b> Then I <del>turned,</del> <ins>turned</ins> and <del>lifted up mine</del> <ins>raised my</ins> eyes, and <del>looked, and behold</del> <ins>saw there</ins> a flying <del>roll.</del> <ins>scroll.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 5:2]</b> And he said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me, <del>What seest thou? And</del> <ins>"What do you see?" So</ins> I answered, <del>I</del> <ins>"I</ins> see a flying <del>roll; the</del> <ins>scroll. Its</ins> length <del>thereof</del> is twenty <del>cubits,</del> <ins>cubits</ins> and <del>the breadth thereof</del> <ins>its width</ins> ten <del>cubits.</del> <ins>cubits."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 5:3]</b> Then <del>said</del> he <del>unto</del> <ins>said to</ins> me, <del>This</del> <ins>"This</ins> is the curse that <del>goeth forth</del> <ins>goes out</ins> over the face of the whole earth: <del>for every one that stealeth</del> <ins>"Every thief</ins> shall be <del>cut off as on this side</del> <ins>expelled,'</ins> according to <del>it; and every one that sweareth</del> <ins>this side of the scroll; and, "Every perjurer</ins> shall be <del>cut off as on that side</del> <ins>expelled,'</ins> according to <del>it.</del> <ins>that side of it."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 5:4]</b> <del>I</del> <ins>"I</ins> will <del>bring it forth, saith</del> <ins>send out the curse," says</ins> the LORD of <del>hosts, and it</del> <ins>hosts; "It</ins> shall enter <del>into</del> the house of the <del>thief, and into</del> <ins>thief And</ins> the house of <del>him that sweareth</del> <ins>the one who swears</ins> falsely by <del>my name: and it</del> <ins>My name. It</ins> shall remain in the midst of his <del>house, and shall</del> <ins>house And</ins> consume <del>it</del> <ins>it,</ins> with <del>the</del> <ins>its</ins> timber <del>thereof</del> and <del>the stones thereof.</del> <ins>stones."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 5:5]</b> Then the angel <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> talked with me <del>went forth,</del> <ins>came out</ins> and said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me, <del>Lift up now thine eyes,</del> <ins>"Lift your eyes now,</ins> and see what <del>is</del> this <ins>is</ins> that <del>goeth forth.</del> <ins>goes forth."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 5:6]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>So</ins> I <del>said, What</del> <ins>asked, "What</ins> is <del>it?</del> <ins>it?"</ins> And he said, <del>This</del> <ins>"It</ins> is <del>an ephah</del> <ins>a basket</ins> that <del>goeth forth.</del> <ins>is going forth."</ins> He <del>said moreover, This</del> <ins>also said, "This</ins> is their resemblance <del>through all</del> <ins>throughout</ins> the <del>earth.</del> <ins>earth:</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 5:7]</b> <del>And, behold, there was lifted up</del> <ins>Here is</ins> a <del>talent of lead:</del> <ins>lead disc lifted up,</ins> and this is a woman <del>that sitteth in</del> <ins>sitting inside</ins> the <del>midst of the ephah.</del> <ins>basket";</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 5:8]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>then</ins> he said, <del>This</del> <ins>"This</ins> is <del>wickedness.</del> <ins>Wickedness!"</ins> And he <del>cast it</del> <ins>thrust her down</ins> into the <del>midst of the ephah;</del> <ins>basket,</ins> and <del>he cast</del> <ins>threw</ins> the <del>weight of</del> lead <del>upon the mouth thereof.</del> <ins>cover over its mouth.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 5:9]</b> Then <del>lifted</del> I <del>up mine eyes,</del> <ins>raised my eyes</ins> and looked, <del>and, behold,</del> <ins>and</ins> there <del>came out</del> <ins>were</ins> two women, <del>and</del> <ins>coming with</ins> the wind <del>was</del> in their wings; for they had wings like the wings of a <del>stork:</del> <ins>stork,</ins> and they lifted up the <del>ephah</del> <ins>basket</ins> between <del>the</del> earth and <del>the</del> heaven.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 5:10]</b> <del>Then said</del> <ins>So</ins> I <ins>said</ins> to the angel <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> talked with me, <del>Whither do these bear</del> <ins>"Where are they carrying</ins> the <del>ephah?</del> <ins>basket?"</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 5:11]</b> And he said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me, <del>To</del> <ins>"To</ins> build <del>it an</del> <ins>a</ins> house <ins>for it</ins> in the land of <del>Shinar: and</del> <ins>Shinar; when</ins> it <del>shall</del> <ins>is ready, the basket will</ins> be <del>established, and</del> set there <del>upon her own base.</del> <ins>on its base."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 6:1]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> I <del>turned,</del> <ins>turned</ins> and <del>lifted up mine eyes,</del> <ins>raised my eyes</ins> and looked, <del>and,</del> <ins>and</ins> behold, <del>there came</del> four chariots <del>out</del> <ins>were coming</ins> from between two <del>mountains;</del> <ins>mountains,</ins> and the mountains were mountains of <del>brass.</del> <ins>bronze.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 6:2]</b> <del>In</del> <ins>With</ins> the first chariot were red <del>horses; and in</del> <ins>horses, with</ins> the second chariot black <del>horses;</del> <ins>horses,</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 6:3]</b> <del>And in</del> <ins>with</ins> the third chariot white <del>horses;</del> <ins>horses,</ins> and <del>in</del> <ins>with</ins> the fourth chariot <del>grisled and bay horses.</del> <ins>dappled horses--strong steeds.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 6:4]</b> Then I answered and said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the angel <del>that</del> <ins>who</ins> talked with me, <del>What</del> <ins>"What</ins> are these, my <del>lord?</del> <ins>lord?"</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 6:5]</b> And the angel answered and said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me, <del>These</del> <ins>"These</ins> are <del>the</del> four spirits of <del>the heavens, which</del> <ins>heaven, who</ins> go <del>forth</del> <ins>out</ins> from <del>standing</del> <ins>their station</ins> before the <del>LORD</del> <ins>Lord</ins> of all the earth.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 6:6]</b> The <ins>one with the</ins> black horses <del>which are therein go forth into</del> <ins>is going to</ins> the north <del>country; and</del> <ins>country,</ins> the white <del>go forth</del> <ins>are going</ins> after <del>them;</del> <ins>them,</ins> and the <del>grisled go forth</del> <ins>dappled are going</ins> toward the south <del>country.</del> <ins>country."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 6:7]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> the <del>bay</del> <ins>strong steeds</ins> went <del>forth, and sought</del> <ins>out, eager</ins> to <del>go</del> <ins>go,</ins> that they might walk to and fro <del>through</del> <ins>throughout</ins> the <del>earth: and he</del> <ins>earth. And He</ins> said, <del>Get you hence,</del> <ins>"Go,</ins> walk to and fro <del>through</del> <ins>throughout</ins> the <del>earth.</del> <ins>earth."</ins> So they walked to and fro <del>through</del> <ins>throughout</ins> the earth.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 6:8]</b> <del>Then cried he upon</del> <ins>And He called to</ins> me, and <del>spake unto</del> <ins>spoke to</ins> me, saying, <del>Behold, these that</del> <ins>"See, those who</ins> go toward the north country have <del>quieted my spirit</del> <ins>given rest to My Spirit</ins> in the north <del>country.</del> <ins>country."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 6:9]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> the word of the LORD came <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me, <del>saying,</del> <ins>saying:</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 6:10]</b> <del>Take of them of</del> <ins>"Receive</ins> the <del>captivity, even of</del> <ins>gift from the captives--from</ins> Heldai, <del>of</del> Tobijah, and <del>of</del> Jedaiah, <del>which are</del> <ins>who have</ins> come from <del>Babylon, and come thou</del> <ins>Babylon--and go</ins> the same <del>day,</del> <ins>day</ins> and <del>go into</del> <ins>enter</ins> the house of Josiah the son of <del>Zephaniah;</del> <ins>Zephaniah.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 6:11]</b> <del>Then take</del> <ins>Take the</ins> silver and gold, <del>and</del> make <del>crowns,</del> <ins>an elaborate crown,</ins> and set <del>them upon</del> <ins>it on</ins> the head of Joshua the son of <del>Josedech,</del> <ins>Jehozadak,</ins> the high <del>priest;</del> <ins>priest.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 6:12]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> speak <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> him, saying, <del>Thus speaketh</del> <ins>"Thus says</ins> the LORD of hosts, <del>saying, Behold</del> <ins>saying: "Behold,</ins> the <del>man</del> <ins>Man</ins> whose name is <del>The BRANCH; and he</del> <ins>the BRANCH! From His place He</ins> shall <del>grow up out of his place, and he</del> <ins>branch out, And He</ins> shall build the temple of the <del>LORD:</del> <ins>LORD;</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 6:13]</b> <del>Even he</del> <ins>Yes, He</ins> shall build the temple of the <del>LORD; and he</del> <ins>LORD. He</ins> shall bear the glory, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> shall sit and rule <del>upon his</del> <ins>on His</ins> throne; <del>and he</del> <ins>So He</ins> shall be a priest <del>upon his throne: and</del> <ins>on His throne, And</ins> the counsel of peace shall be between them <del>both.</del> <ins>both."'</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 6:14]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>"Now</ins> the <del>crowns</del> <ins>elaborate crown</ins> shall be <del>to Helem, and to Tobijah, and to Jedaiah, and to Hen the son of Zephaniah,</del> for a memorial in the temple of the <del>LORD.</del> <ins>LORD for Helem, Tobijah, Jedaiah, and Hen the son of Zephaniah.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 6:15]</b> <del>And they that are far off</del> <ins>Even those from afar</ins> shall come and build <del>in</del> the temple of the <del>LORD, and ye</del> <ins>LORD. Then you</ins> shall know that the LORD of hosts <del>hath</del> <ins>has</ins> sent <del>me unto</del> <ins>Me to</ins> you. And this shall come to <del>pass,</del> <ins>pass</ins> if <del>ye will</del> <ins>you</ins> diligently obey the voice of the LORD your <del>God.</del> <ins>God."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 7:1]</b> <del>And it came to pass</del> <ins>Now</ins> in the fourth year of <del>king Darius,</del> <ins>King Darius it came to pass</ins> that the word of the LORD came <del>unto Zechariah in</del> <ins>to Zechariah, on</ins> the fourth day of the ninth month, <del>even in Chisleu;</del> <ins>Chislev,</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 7:2]</b> <del>When they had</del> <ins>when the people</ins> sent <del>unto</del> <ins>Sherezer, with Regem-Melech and his men, to</ins> the house of <del>God Sherezer and Regemmelech, and their men,</del> <ins>God,</ins> to pray before the LORD,</p><p><b>[Zechariah 7:3]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>and</ins> to <del>speak unto</del> <ins>ask</ins> the priests <del>which</del> <ins>who</ins> were in the house of the LORD of hosts, and <del>to</del> the prophets, saying, <del>Should</del> <ins>"Should</ins> I weep in the fifth <del>month, separating myself,</del> <ins>month and fast</ins> as I have done <del>these</del> <ins>for</ins> so many <del>years?</del> <ins>years?"</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 7:4]</b> Then <del>came</del> the word of the LORD of hosts <del>unto</del> <ins>came to</ins> me, saying,</p><p><b>[Zechariah 7:5]</b> <del>Speak unto</del> <ins>"Say to</ins> all the people of the land, and to the <del>priests, saying, When ye</del> <ins>priests: "When you</ins> fasted and mourned in the fifth and seventh <del>month, even</del> <ins>months during</ins> those seventy years, did <del>ye at all</del> <ins>you really</ins> fast <del>unto me, even to me?</del> <ins>for Me--for Me?</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 7:6]</b> <del>And when ye did eat,</del> <ins>When you eat</ins> and when <del>ye did</del> <ins>you</ins> drink, <del>did</del> <ins>do you</ins> not <del>ye</del> eat <del>for yourselves,</del> and drink for yourselves?</p><p><b>[Zechariah 7:7]</b> Should <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> not <del>hear</del> <ins>have obeyed</ins> the words which the LORD <del>hath cried by</del> <ins>proclaimed through</ins> the former <del>prophets,</del> <ins>prophets</ins> when Jerusalem <del>was inhabited and in prosperity,</del> and the cities <del>thereof round about her, when men</del> <ins>around it were</ins> inhabited <del>the south</del> <ins>and prosperous,</ins> and the <del>plain?</del> <ins>South and the Lowland were inhabited?"'</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 7:8]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> the word of the LORD came <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> Zechariah, saying,</p><p><b>[Zechariah 7:9]</b> <del>Thus speaketh</del> <ins>"Thus says</ins> the LORD of <del>hosts, saying, Execute</del> <ins>hosts: "Execute</ins> true <del>judgment, and shew</del> <ins>justice, Show</ins> mercy and <del>compassions every man</del> <ins>compassion Everyone</ins> to his <del>brother:</del> <ins>brother.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 7:10]</b> <del>And oppress</del> <ins>Do</ins> not <ins>oppress</ins> the <del>widow, nor</del> <ins>widow or</ins> the fatherless, <ins>The alien or</ins> the <del>stranger, nor the poor; and let</del> <ins>poor. Let</ins> none of you <del>imagine</del> <ins>plan</ins> evil <del>against his brother</del> in <del>your heart.</del> <ins>his heart Against his brother.'</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 7:11]</b> But they refused to <del>hearken, and pulled away the shoulder,</del> <ins>heed, shrugged their shoulders,</ins> and stopped their <del>ears,</del> <ins>ears so</ins> that they <del>should</del> <ins>could</ins> not hear.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 7:12]</b> <del>Yea,</del> <ins>Yes,</ins> they made their hearts <del>as an adamant stone, lest they should</del> <ins>like flint, refusing to</ins> hear the <del>law,</del> <ins>law</ins> and the words which the LORD of hosts <del>hath</del> <ins>had</ins> sent <del>in his spirit</del> by <ins>His Spirit through</ins> the former <del>prophets: therefore came a</del> <ins>prophets. Thus</ins> great wrath <ins>came</ins> from the LORD of hosts.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 7:13]</b> Therefore it <del>is come to pass,</del> <ins>happened,</ins> that <ins>just</ins> as <del>he cried,</del> <ins>He proclaimed</ins> and they would not <del>hear;</del> <ins>hear,</ins> so they <del>cried,</del> <ins>called out</ins> and I would not <del>hear, saith</del> <ins>listen," says</ins> the LORD of <del>hosts:</del> <ins>hosts.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 7:14]</b> <del>But</del> <ins>"But</ins> I scattered them with a whirlwind among all the nations <del>whom</del> <ins>which</ins> they <del>knew not.</del> <ins>had not known.</ins> Thus the land <del>was</del> <ins>became</ins> desolate after them, <ins>so</ins> that no <del>man</del> <ins>one</ins> passed through <del>nor returned:</del> <ins>or returned;</ins> for they <del>laid</del> <ins>made</ins> the pleasant land <del>desolate.</del> <ins>desolate."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:1]</b> Again the word of the LORD of hosts <del>came to me,</del> <ins>came,</ins> saying,</p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:2]</b> <del>Thus saith</del> <ins>"Thus says</ins> the LORD of <del>hosts; I was jealous</del> <ins>hosts: "I am zealous</ins> for Zion with great <del>jealousy, and I was jealous for her with</del> <ins>zeal; With</ins> great <del>fury.</del> <ins>fervor I am zealous for her.'</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:3]</b> <del>Thus saith</del> <ins>"Thus says</ins> the <del>LORD; I am returned unto Zion, and</del> <ins>LORD: "I</ins> will <ins>return to Zion, And</ins> dwell in the midst of <del>Jerusalem: and</del> <ins>Jerusalem.</ins> Jerusalem shall be called <del>a city of truth; and</del> the <del>mountain</del> <ins>City of Truth, The Mountain</ins> of the LORD of <del>hosts the holy mountain.</del> <ins>hosts, The Holy Mountain.'</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:4]</b> <del>Thus saith</del> <ins>"Thus says</ins> the LORD of <del>hosts; There shall yet old</del> <ins>hosts: "Old</ins> men and old women <del>dwell in</del> <ins>shall again sit In</ins> the streets of Jerusalem, <del>and every man</del> <ins>Each one</ins> with his staff in his hand <del>for very</del> <ins>Because of great</ins> age.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:5]</b> <del>And the</del> <ins>The</ins> streets of the city <del>shall</del> <ins>Shall</ins> be full of boys and girls <del>playing</del> <ins>Playing</ins> in <del>the streets thereof.</del> <ins>its streets.'</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:6]</b> <del>Thus saith</del> <ins>"Thus says</ins> the LORD of <del>hosts; If</del> <ins>hosts: "If</ins> it <del>be marvellous</del> <ins>is marvelous</ins> in the eyes of the remnant of this people in these days, <del>should</del> <ins>Will</ins> it also be <del>marvellous</del> <ins>marvelous</ins> in <del>mine eyes? saith</del> <ins>My eyes?' Says</ins> the LORD of hosts.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:7]</b> <del>Thus saith</del> <ins>"Thus says</ins> the LORD of <del>hosts; Behold,</del> <ins>hosts: "Behold,</ins> I will save <del>my</del> <ins>My</ins> people from the <ins>land of the</ins> east <del>country, and</del> <ins>And</ins> from the <del>west country;</del> <ins>land of the west;</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:8]</b> <del>And</del> I will bring <del>them, and</del> <ins>them back, And</ins> they shall dwell in the midst of <del>Jerusalem: and they</del> <ins>Jerusalem. They</ins> shall be <del>my people, and</del> <ins>My people And</ins> I will be their God, <del>in</del> <ins>In</ins> truth and <del>in righteousness.</del> <ins>righteousness.'</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:9]</b> <del>Thus saith</del> <ins>"Thus says</ins> the LORD of <del>hosts; Let</del> <ins>hosts: "Let</ins> your hands be strong, <del>ye that hear</del> <ins>You who have been hearing</ins> in these days <del>these</del> <ins>These</ins> words by the mouth of the prophets, <del>which were</del> <ins>Who spoke</ins> in the day <del>that</del> the foundation <del>of</del> <ins>was laid For</ins> the house of the LORD of <del>hosts was laid, that</del> <ins>hosts, That</ins> the temple might be built.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:10]</b> For before these days <del>there was</del> <ins>There were</ins> no <del>hire</del> <ins>wages</ins> for <del>man,</del> <ins>man</ins> nor any hire for beast; <del>neither</del> <ins>There</ins> was <del>there any</del> <ins>no</ins> peace <del>to him that</del> <ins>from the enemy for whoever</ins> went out or came <del>in because of the affliction: for</del> <ins>in; For</ins> I set all <del>men every one</del> <ins>men, everyone,</ins> against his <del>neighbour.</del> <ins>neighbor.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:11]</b> But now I will not <del>be unto</del> <ins>treat</ins> the <del>residue</del> <ins>remnant</ins> of this people as in the former <del>days, saith</del> <ins>days,' says</ins> the LORD of hosts.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:12]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>"For</ins> the seed shall be <del>prosperous; the</del> <ins>prosperous, The</ins> vine shall give <del>her</del> <ins>its</ins> fruit, <del>and the</del> <ins>The</ins> ground shall give her increase, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> the heavens shall give their <del>dew; and I</del> <ins>dew--I</ins> will cause the remnant of this people <del>to</del> <ins>To</ins> possess all <del>these things.</del> <ins>these.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:13]</b> And it shall come to <del>pass, that</del> <ins>pass That just</ins> as <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> were a curse among the <del>heathen,</del> <ins>nations,</ins> O house of <del>Judah,</del> <ins>Judah</ins> and house of <del>Israel; so will</del> <ins>Israel, So</ins> I <ins>will</ins> save you, and <del>ye</del> <ins>you</ins> shall be a <del>blessing: fear not, but let</del> <ins>blessing. Do not fear, Let</ins> your hands be <del>strong.</del> <ins>strong.'</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:14]</b> <del>For</del> <ins>"For</ins> thus <del>saith</del> <ins>says</ins> the LORD of <del>hosts; As</del> <ins>hosts: "Just as</ins> I <del>thought</del> <ins>determined</ins> to punish <del>you, when</del> <ins>you When</ins> your fathers provoked <del>me</del> <ins>Me</ins> to <del>wrath, saith</del> <ins>wrath,' Says</ins> the LORD of hosts, <del>and</del> <ins>"And</ins> I <del>repented not:</del> <ins>would not relent,</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:15]</b> So again <del>have I thought</del> in these days <ins>I am determined</ins> to do <del>well unto</del> <ins>good To</ins> Jerusalem and to the house of <del>Judah: fear ye not.</del> <ins>Judah. Do not fear.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:16]</b> These are the things <del>that ye</del> <ins>you</ins> shall <del>do;</del> <ins>do:</ins> Speak <del>ye every</del> <ins>each</ins> man the truth to his <del>neighbour; execute the</del> <ins>neighbor; Give</ins> judgment <del>of truth and peace</del> in your <del>gates:</del> <ins>gates for truth, justice, and peace;</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:17]</b> <del>And let</del> <ins>Let</ins> none of you <del>imagine</del> <ins>think</ins> evil in your <del>hearts</del> <ins>heart</ins> against <del>his neighbour; and</del> <ins>your neighbor; And do not</ins> love <del>no</del> <ins>a</ins> false <del>oath: for</del> <ins>oath. For</ins> all these are things that I <del>hate, saith</del> <ins>hate,' Says</ins> the <del>LORD.</del> <ins>LORD."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:18]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> the word of the LORD of hosts came <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me, saying,</p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:19]</b> <del>Thus saith</del> <ins>"Thus says</ins> the LORD of <del>hosts; The</del> <ins>hosts: "The</ins> fast of the fourth month, <del>and the</del> <ins>The</ins> fast of the fifth, <del>and the</del> <ins>The</ins> fast of the seventh, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> the fast of the tenth, <del>shall</del> <ins>Shall</ins> be <del>to</del> <ins>joy and gladness and cheerful feasts For</ins> the house of <del>Judah joy and gladness, and cheerful feasts; therefore</del> <ins>Judah. Therefore</ins> love <del>the</del> truth and <del>peace.</del> <ins>peace.'</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:20]</b> <del>Thus saith</del> <ins>"Thus says</ins> the LORD of <del>hosts; It</del> <ins>hosts: "Peoples</ins> shall yet <del>come to pass, that there shall come people, and the inhabitants</del> <ins>come, Inhabitants</ins> of many <del>cities:</del> <ins>cities;</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:21]</b> <del>And the</del> <ins>The</ins> inhabitants of one city shall go to another, saying, <del>Let</del> <ins>"Let</ins> us <del>go speedily</del> <ins>continue</ins> to <ins>go and</ins> pray before the LORD, <del>and to</del> <ins>And</ins> seek the LORD of <del>hosts:</del> <ins>hosts.</ins> I <ins>myself</ins> will go <del>also.</del> <ins>also."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:22]</b> <del>Yea,</del> <ins>Yes,</ins> many <del>people</del> <ins>peoples</ins> and strong nations <del>shall</del> <ins>Shall</ins> come to seek the LORD of hosts in Jerusalem, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> to pray before the <del>LORD.</del> <ins>LORD.'</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 8:23]</b> <del>Thus saith</del> <ins>"Thus says</ins> the LORD of <del>hosts; In</del> <ins>hosts: "In</ins> those days <del>it shall come to pass, that</del> ten men <del>shall take hold out of all languages</del> <ins>from every language</ins> of the <del>nations, even</del> <ins>nations</ins> shall <del>take hold of</del> <ins>grasp</ins> the <del>skirt</del> <ins>sleeve</ins> of <del>him that is</del> a <del>Jew,</del> <ins>Jewish man,</ins> saying, <del>We will</del> <ins>"Let us</ins> go with <del>you:</del> <ins>you,</ins> for we have heard that God is with <del>you.</del> <ins>you.'</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 9:1]</b> The burden of the word of the LORD <del>in</del> <ins>Against</ins> the land of Hadrach, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> Damascus <del>shall be the rest thereof: when</del> <ins>its resting place (For</ins> the eyes of <del>man, as of</del> <ins>men And</ins> all the tribes of <del>Israel, shall be toward</del> <ins>Israel Are on</ins> the <del>LORD.</del> <ins>LORD);</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 9:2]</b> <ins>Also against Hamath, which borders on it,</ins> And <del>Hamath also shall border thereby; Tyrus,</del> <ins>against Tyre</ins> and <del>Zidon,</del> <ins>Sidon,</ins> though <del>it be</del> <ins>they are</ins> very wise.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 9:3]</b> <del>And Tyrus did build</del> <ins>For Tyre built</ins> herself a <del>strong hold, and heaped</del> <ins>tower, Heaped</ins> up silver <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> the dust, <del>and fine</del> <ins>And</ins> gold <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> the mire of the streets.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 9:4]</b> Behold, the LORD will cast her <del>out, and he</del> <ins>out; He</ins> will <del>smite</del> <ins>destroy</ins> her power in the <del>sea; and</del> <ins>sea, And</ins> she <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be devoured <del>with</del> <ins>by</ins> fire.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 9:5]</b> Ashkelon shall see <del>it,</del> <ins>it</ins> and fear; Gaza also shall <del>see it, and</del> be very <del>sorrowful, and Ekron;</del> <ins>sorrowful; And Ekron,</ins> for <ins>He dried up</ins> her <del>expectation shall be ashamed; and the</del> <ins>expectation. The</ins> king shall perish from Gaza, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> Ashkelon shall not be inhabited.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 9:6]</b> <del>And a bastard</del> <ins>"A mixed race</ins> shall <del>dwell</del> <ins>settle</ins> in Ashdod, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> I will cut off the pride of the Philistines.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 9:7]</b> <del>And</del> I will take away <del>his</del> <ins>the</ins> blood <del>out of</del> <ins>from</ins> his mouth, <del>and his</del> <ins>And the</ins> abominations from between his <del>teeth: but</del> <ins>teeth. But</ins> he <del>that remaineth,</del> <ins>who remains,</ins> even <del>he,</del> <ins>he</ins> shall be for our God, <del>and he</del> <ins>And</ins> shall be <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> a <del>governor</del> <ins>leader</ins> in Judah, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> Ekron <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> a Jebusite.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 9:8]</b> <del>And</del> I will <del>encamp about mine</del> <ins>camp around My</ins> house <del>because</del> <ins>Because</ins> of the army, <del>because</del> <ins>Because</ins> of him <del>that passeth by,</del> <ins>who passes by</ins> and <del>because of</del> him <del>that returneth: and no oppressor</del> <ins>who returns. No more</ins> shall <ins>an oppressor</ins> pass through <del>them any more: for</del> <ins>them, For</ins> now <del>have</del> I <ins>have</ins> seen with <del>mine</del> <ins>My</ins> eyes.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 9:9]</b> <del>Rejoice</del> <ins>"Rejoice</ins> greatly, O daughter of <del>Zion; shout,</del> <ins>Zion! Shout,</ins> O daughter of <del>Jerusalem: behold, thy</del> <ins>Jerusalem! Behold, your</ins> King <del>cometh unto thee: he</del> is <del>just,</del> <ins>coming to you; He is just</ins> and having <del>salvation; lowly,</del> <ins>salvation, Lowly</ins> and riding <del>upon an ass, and upon</del> <ins>on</ins> a <del>colt</del> <ins>donkey, A colt,</ins> the foal of <del>an ass.</del> <ins>a donkey.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 9:10]</b> <del>And</del> I will cut off the chariot from <del>Ephraim, and</del> <ins>Ephraim And</ins> the horse from <del>Jerusalem, and the</del> <ins>Jerusalem; The</ins> battle bow shall be cut <del>off: and he</del> <ins>off. He</ins> shall speak peace <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>heathen: and his</del> <ins>nations; His</ins> dominion shall be <del>from</del> <ins>"from</ins> sea <del>even</del> to sea, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> from the <del>river even</del> <ins>River</ins> to the ends of the <del>earth.</del> <ins>earth.'</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 9:11]</b> <del>As</del> <ins>"As</ins> for <del>thee</del> <ins>you</ins> also, <del>by</del> <ins>Because of</ins> the blood of <del>thy covenant</del> <ins>your covenant,</ins> I <del>have sent forth thy</del> <ins>will set your</ins> prisoners <del>out of</del> <ins>free from</ins> the <del>pit wherein is no water.</del> <ins>waterless pit.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 9:12]</b> <del>Turn you</del> <ins>Return</ins> to the <del>strong hold, ye</del> <ins>stronghold, You</ins> prisoners of <del>hope: even to day do</del> <ins>hope. Even today</ins> I declare <del>that</del> <ins>That</ins> I will <del>render</del> <ins>restore</ins> double <del>unto thee;</del> <ins>to you.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 9:13]</b> <del>When</del> <ins>For</ins> I have bent <del>Judah for me, filled</del> <ins>Judah, My bow, Fitted</ins> the bow with Ephraim, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> raised up <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> sons, O Zion, <del>against thy</del> <ins>Against your</ins> sons, O Greece, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> made <del>thee as</del> <ins>you like</ins> the sword of a mighty <del>man.</del> <ins>man."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 9:14]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> the LORD <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be seen over them, <del>and his</del> <ins>And His</ins> arrow <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> go forth <del>as the lightning: and the LORD God shall</del> <ins>like lightning. The Lord GOD will</ins> blow the trumpet, <del>and shall</del> <ins>And</ins> go with whirlwinds <del>of</del> <ins>from</ins> the south.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 9:15]</b> The LORD of hosts <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> defend them; <del>and they</del> <ins>They</ins> shall <del>devour,</del> <ins>devour</ins> and subdue with <del>sling stones; and they</del> <ins>slingstones. They</ins> shall <del>drink,</del> <ins>drink</ins> and <del>make a noise</del> <ins>roar</ins> as <del>through</del> <ins>if with</ins> wine; <del>and they</del> <ins>They</ins> shall be filled <ins>with blood</ins> like <del>bowls, and as</del> <ins>basins, Like</ins> the corners of the altar.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 9:16]</b> <del>And the</del> <ins>The</ins> LORD their God <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> save them in that <del>day as</del> <ins>day, As</ins> the flock of <del>his people: for</del> <ins>His people. For</ins> they shall be <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> the <del>stones</del> <ins>jewels</ins> of a crown, <del>lifted up as an ensign upon his land.</del> <ins>Lifted like a banner over His land--</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 9:17]</b> For how great is <del>his goodness, and</del> <ins>its goodness And</ins> how great <del>is his</del> <ins>its</ins> beauty! <del>corn</del> <ins>Grain</ins> shall make the young men <del>cheerful, and</del> <ins>thrive, And</ins> new wine the <del>maids.</del> <ins>young women.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 10:1]</b> Ask <del>ye of</del> the LORD <ins>for</ins> rain <del>in</del> <ins>In</ins> the time of the latter <del>rain; so the</del> <ins>rain. The</ins> LORD <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> make <del>bright clouds, and</del> <ins>flashing clouds; He will</ins> give them showers of rain, <del>to every one grass</del> <ins>Grass</ins> in the <del>field.</del> <ins>field for everyone.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 10:2]</b> For the idols <del>have spoken vanity, and the</del> <ins>speak delusion; The</ins> diviners <del>have seen a lie, and have told</del> <ins>envision lies, And tell</ins> false dreams; <del>they</del> <ins>They</ins> comfort in <del>vain: therefore they went</del> <ins>vain. Therefore the people wend</ins> their way <del>as a flock, they were troubled,</del> <ins>like sheep; They are in trouble</ins> because there <del>was</del> <ins>is</ins> no shepherd.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 10:3]</b> <del>Mine</del> <ins>"My</ins> anger <del>was</del> <ins>is</ins> kindled against the shepherds, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> I <del>punished</del> <ins>will punish</ins> the <del>goats: for</del> <ins>goatherds. For</ins> the LORD of hosts <del>hath visited his flock the</del> <ins>will visit His flock, The</ins> house of Judah, <del>and hath made</del> <ins>And will make</ins> them as <del>his goodly</del> <ins>His royal</ins> horse in the battle.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 10:4]</b> <del>Out of</del> <ins>From</ins> him <del>came forth</del> <ins>comes</ins> the <del>corner, out of</del> <ins>cornerstone, From</ins> him the <del>nail, out of</del> <ins>tent peg, From</ins> him the battle bow, <del>out of</del> <ins>From</ins> him every <del>oppressor</del> <ins>ruler</ins> together.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 10:5]</b> <del>And they</del> <ins>They</ins> shall be <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> mighty men, <del>which</del> <ins>Who</ins> tread down their enemies <del>in</del> <ins>In</ins> the mire of the streets in the <del>battle: and they</del> <ins>battle. They</ins> shall <del>fight,</del> <ins>fight</ins> because the LORD is with them, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> the riders on horses shall be <del>confounded.</del> <ins>put to shame.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 10:6]</b> <del>And I</del> <ins>"I</ins> will strengthen the house of Judah, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> I will save the house of <del>Joseph, and</del> <ins>Joseph.</ins> I will bring them <del>again to place them; for</del> <ins>back, Because</ins> I have mercy <del>upon them: and they</del> <ins>on them. They</ins> shall be as though I had not cast them <del>off: for</del> <ins>aside; For</ins> I am the LORD their God, <del>and</del> <ins>And I</ins> will hear them.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 10:7]</b> <del>And they</del> <ins>Those</ins> of Ephraim shall be like a mighty man, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> their heart shall rejoice as <del>through wine: yea,</del> <ins>if with wine. Yes,</ins> their children shall see <del>it,</del> <ins>it</ins> and be glad; <del>their</del> <ins>Their</ins> heart shall rejoice in the LORD.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 10:8]</b> I will <del>hiss</del> <ins>whistle</ins> for <del>them,</del> <ins>them</ins> and gather <del>them; for</del> <ins>them, For</ins> I <del>have redeemed them: and</del> <ins>will redeem them; And</ins> they shall increase as they <del>have</del> <ins>once</ins> increased.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 10:9]</b> <del>And I</del> <ins>"I</ins> will sow them among the <del>people: and</del> <ins>peoples, And</ins> they shall remember <del>me</del> <ins>Me</ins> in far countries; <del>and they</del> <ins>They</ins> shall <del>live</del> <ins>live, together</ins> with their children, <del>and turn again.</del> <ins>And they shall return.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 10:10]</b> I will <ins>also</ins> bring them <del>again also out of</del> <ins>back from</ins> the land of Egypt, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> gather them <del>out of Assyria; and</del> <ins>from Assyria.</ins> I will bring them into the land of Gilead and <del>Lebanon; and place shall not be</del> <ins>Lebanon, Until no more room is</ins> found for them.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 10:11]</b> <del>And he</del> <ins>He</ins> shall pass through the sea with affliction, <del>and shall smite</del> <ins>And strike</ins> the waves <del>in the sea, and all the deeps</del> of the <del>river</del> <ins>sea: All the depths of the River</ins> shall dry <del>up: and</del> <ins>up. Then</ins> the pride of Assyria shall be brought down, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> the <del>sceptre</del> <ins>scepter</ins> of Egypt shall <del>depart away.</del> <ins>depart.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 10:12]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>"So</ins> I will strengthen them in the <del>LORD; and</del> <ins>LORD, And</ins> they shall walk up and down in <del>his name, saith</del> <ins>His name," Says</ins> the LORD.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 11:1]</b> Open <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> doors, O Lebanon, <del>that the</del> <ins>That</ins> fire may devour <del>thy</del> <ins>your</ins> cedars.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 11:2]</b> <del>Howl, fir tree;</del> <ins>Wail, O cypress,</ins> for the cedar <del>is fallen; because</del> <ins>has fallen, Because</ins> the mighty <ins>trees</ins> are <del>spoiled: howl,</del> <ins>ruined. Wail,</ins> O <del>ye</del> oaks of <del>Bashan; for</del> <ins>Bashan, For</ins> the <ins>thick</ins> forest <del>of the vintage is</del> <ins>has</ins> come down.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 11:3]</b> There is <del>a voice of</del> the <del>howling</del> <ins>sound</ins> of <del>the shepherds; for</del> <ins>wailing shepherds! For</ins> their glory is <del>spoiled: a voice of</del> <ins>in ruins. There is</ins> the <del>roaring</del> <ins>sound</ins> of <del>young lions; for</del> <ins>roaring lions! For</ins> the pride of <ins>the</ins> Jordan is <del>spoiled.</del> <ins>in ruins.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 11:4]</b> Thus <del>saith</del> <ins>says</ins> the LORD my <del>God; Feed</del> <ins>God, "Feed</ins> the flock <del>of the slaughter;</del> <ins>for slaughter,</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 11:5]</b> <del>Whose possessors slay them,</del> <ins>whose owners slaughter them</ins> and <del>hold themselves not guilty: and they that</del> <ins>feel no guilt; those who</ins> sell them say, <del>Blessed</del> <ins>"Blessed</ins> be the <del>LORD;</del> <ins>LORD,</ins> for I am <del>rich:</del> <ins>rich';</ins> and their <del>own</del> shepherds <ins>do not</ins> pity <del>them not.</del> <ins>them.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 11:6]</b> For I will no <del>more</del> <ins>longer</ins> pity the inhabitants of the <del>land, saith</del> <ins>land," says</ins> the <del>LORD: but, lo,</del> <ins>LORD. "But indeed</ins> I will <del>deliver the men every one</del> <ins>give everyone</ins> into his <del>neighbour's hand,</del> <ins>neighbor's hand</ins> and into the hand of his <del>king: and they</del> <ins>king. They</ins> shall <del>smite</del> <ins>attack</ins> the land, and <del>out of their hand</del> I will not deliver <del>them.</del> <ins>them from their hand."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 11:7]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>So</ins> I <del>will feed</del> <ins>fed</ins> the flock <del>of</del> <ins>for</ins> slaughter, <del>even you, O</del> <ins>in particular the</ins> poor of the flock. <del>And</del> I took <del>unto me</del> <ins>for myself</ins> two <del>staves;</del> <ins>staffs:</ins> the one I called Beauty, and the other I called <del>Bands;</del> <ins>Bonds;</ins> and I fed the flock.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 11:8]</b> <del>Three shepherds also</del> I <del>cut off</del> <ins>dismissed the three shepherds</ins> in one <del>month; and my</del> <ins>month. My</ins> soul <del>lothed</del> <ins>loathed</ins> them, and their soul also abhorred me.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 11:9]</b> Then <del>said I,</del> I <ins>said, "I</ins> will not feed <del>you: that that dieth, let it die; and that that</del> <ins>you. Let what</ins> is <del>to be cut off, let it be cut off;</del> <ins>dying die,</ins> and <del>let the rest</del> <ins>what is perishing perish. Let those that are left</ins> eat <del>every one the flesh of another.</del> <ins>each other's flesh."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 11:10]</b> And I took my staff, <del>even</del> Beauty, and cut it <del>asunder,</del> <ins>in two,</ins> that I might break <del>my</del> <ins>the</ins> covenant which I had made with all the <del>people.</del> <ins>peoples.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 11:11]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>So</ins> it was broken <del>in</del> <ins>on</ins> that <del>day: and so</del> <ins>day. Thus</ins> the poor of the <del>flock that waited upon me</del> <ins>flock, who were watching me,</ins> knew that it was the word of the LORD.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 11:12]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>Then</ins> I said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> them, <del>If ye think good,</del> <ins>"If it is agreeable to you,</ins> give me my <del>price;</del> <ins>wages;</ins> and if not, <del>forbear.</del> <ins>refrain."</ins> So they weighed <ins>out</ins> for my <del>price</del> <ins>wages</ins> thirty pieces of silver.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 11:13]</b> And the LORD said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me, <del>Cast</del> <ins>"Throw</ins> it <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the <del>potter: a goodly</del> <ins>potter"--that princely</ins> price <del>that I was prised at of them. And</del> <ins>they set on me. So</ins> I took the thirty pieces of <del>silver,</del> <ins>silver</ins> and <del>cast</del> <ins>threw</ins> them <del>to the potter in</del> <ins>into</ins> the house of the <del>LORD.</del> <ins>LORD for the potter.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 11:14]</b> Then I cut <del>asunder mine</del> <ins>in two my</ins> other staff, <del>even Bands,</del> <ins>Bonds,</ins> that I might break the brotherhood between Judah and Israel.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 11:15]</b> And the LORD said <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> me, <del>Take unto thee yet</del> <ins>"Next, take for yourself</ins> the <del>instruments</del> <ins>implements</ins> of a foolish shepherd.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 11:16]</b> <del>For, lo,</del> <ins>For indeed</ins> I will raise up a shepherd in the <del>land, which shall</del> <ins>land who will</ins> not <del>visit</del> <ins>care for</ins> those <del>that be</del> <ins>who are</ins> cut off, <del>neither shall</del> <ins>nor</ins> seek the <del>young one,</del> <ins>young,</ins> nor heal <ins>those</ins> that <del>that is</del> <ins>are</ins> broken, nor feed <ins>those</ins> that <del>that standeth still: but</del> <ins>still stand. But</ins> he <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> eat the flesh of the <del>fat,</del> <ins>fat</ins> and tear their <del>claws</del> <ins>hooves</ins> in pieces.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 11:17]</b> <del>Woe</del> <ins>"Woe</ins> to the <del>idol shepherd that leaveth</del> <ins>worthless shepherd, Who leaves</ins> the flock! <del>the</del> <ins>A</ins> sword shall be <del>upon his arm, and upon his right eye:</del> <ins>against</ins> his arm <ins>And against his right eye; His arm</ins> shall <del>be clean dried up, and</del> <ins>completely wither, And</ins> his right eye shall be <del>utterly darkened.</del> <ins>totally blinded."</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 12:1]</b> The burden of the word of the LORD <del>for Israel, saith</del> <ins>against Israel. Thus says</ins> the LORD, <del>which stretcheth forth</del> <ins>who stretches out</ins> the heavens, <del>and layeth</del> <ins>lays</ins> the foundation of the earth, and <del>formeth</del> <ins>forms</ins> the spirit of man within <del>him.</del> <ins>him:</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 12:2]</b> <del>Behold,</del> <ins>"Behold,</ins> I will make Jerusalem a cup of <del>trembling unto</del> <ins>drunkenness to</ins> all the <del>people round about,</del> <ins>surrounding peoples,</ins> when they <del>shall be in the</del> <ins>lay</ins> siege <del>both</del> against Judah and <del>against</del> Jerusalem.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 12:3]</b> And <ins>it shall happen</ins> in that day <del>will</del> <ins>that</ins> I <ins>will</ins> make Jerusalem a <del>burdensome</del> <ins>very heavy</ins> stone for all <del>people:</del> <ins>peoples;</ins> all <del>that burden themselves with</del> <ins>who would heave</ins> it <del>shall</del> <ins>away will surely</ins> be cut in pieces, though all <del>the people</del> <ins>nations</ins> of the earth <del>be</del> <ins>are</ins> gathered <del>together</del> against it.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 12:4]</b> In that <del>day, saith</del> <ins>day," says</ins> the LORD, <del>I</del> <ins>"I</ins> will <del>smite</del> <ins>strike</ins> every horse with <del>astonishment,</del> <ins>confusion,</ins> and <del>his</del> <ins>its</ins> rider with <del>madness: and</del> <ins>madness;</ins> I will open <del>mine</del> <ins>My</ins> eyes <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> the house of Judah, and will <del>smite</del> <ins>strike</ins> every horse of the <del>people</del> <ins>peoples</ins> with blindness.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 12:5]</b> And the governors of Judah shall say in their heart, <del>The</del> <ins>"The</ins> inhabitants of Jerusalem <del>shall be</del> <ins>are</ins> my strength in the LORD of <del>hosts</del> <ins>hosts,</ins> their <del>God.</del> <ins>God.'</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 12:6]</b> In that day <del>will</del> I <ins>will</ins> make the governors of Judah like <del>an hearth of fire among</del> <ins>a firepan in</ins> the <del>wood,</del> <ins>woodpile,</ins> and like a <ins>fiery</ins> torch <del>of fire</del> in <del>a sheaf; and</del> <ins>the sheaves;</ins> they shall devour all the <del>people round about,</del> <ins>surrounding peoples</ins> on the right hand and on the <del>left: and</del> <ins>left, but</ins> Jerusalem shall be inhabited again in her own <del>place, even in Jerusalem.</del> <ins>place--Jerusalem.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 12:7]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>"The</ins> LORD <del>also shall</del> <ins>will</ins> save the tents of Judah first, <ins>so</ins> that the glory of the house of David and the glory of the inhabitants of Jerusalem <del>do</del> <ins>shall</ins> not <del>magnify themselves against</del> <ins>become greater than that of</ins> Judah.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 12:8]</b> In that day <del>shall</del> the LORD <ins>will</ins> defend the inhabitants of Jerusalem; <del>and he that</del> <ins>the one who</ins> is feeble among them <del>at</del> <ins>in</ins> that day shall be <del>as David;</del> <ins>like David,</ins> and the house of David shall be <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> God, <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> the <del>angel</del> <ins>Angel</ins> of the LORD before them.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 12:9]</b> <del>And it</del> <ins>It</ins> shall <del>come to pass</del> <ins>be</ins> in that <del>day,</del> <ins>day</ins> that I will seek to destroy all the nations that come against Jerusalem.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 12:10]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>"And</ins> I will pour <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> the house of <del>David,</del> <ins>David</ins> and <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> the inhabitants of <del>Jerusalem,</del> <ins>Jerusalem</ins> the <del>spirit</del> <ins>Spirit</ins> of grace and <del>of supplications: and</del> <ins>supplication; then</ins> they <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> look <del>upon me</del> <ins>on Me</ins> whom they <del>have pierced, and</del> <ins>pierced. Yes,</ins> they <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> mourn for <del>him,</del> <ins>Him</ins> as one <del>mourneth</del> <ins>mourns</ins> for his only son, and <del>shall be in bitterness</del> <ins>grieve</ins> for <del>him,</del> <ins>Him</ins> as one <del>that is in bitterness</del> <ins>grieves</ins> for <del>his</del> <ins>a</ins> firstborn.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 12:11]</b> In that day <del>shall</del> there <ins>shall</ins> be a great mourning in Jerusalem, <del>as</del> <ins>like</ins> the mourning <del>of Hadadrimmon</del> <ins>at Hadad Rimmon</ins> in the <del>valley</del> <ins>plain</ins> of <del>Megiddon.</del> <ins>Megiddo.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 12:12]</b> And the land shall mourn, every family <del>apart;</del> <ins>by itself:</ins> the family of the house of David <del>apart,</del> <ins>by itself,</ins> and their wives <del>apart;</del> <ins>by themselves;</ins> the family of the house of Nathan <del>apart,</del> <ins>by itself,</ins> and their wives <del>apart;</del> <ins>by themselves;</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 12:13]</b> <del>The</del> <ins>the</ins> family of the house of Levi <del>apart,</del> <ins>by itself,</ins> and their wives <del>apart;</del> <ins>by themselves;</ins> the family of Shimei <del>apart,</del> <ins>by itself,</ins> and their wives <del>apart;</del> <ins>by themselves;</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 12:14]</b> <del>All</del> <ins>all</ins> the families that remain, every family <del>apart,</del> <ins>by itself,</ins> and their wives <del>apart.</del> <ins>by themselves.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 13:1]</b> <del>In</del> <ins>"In</ins> that day <del>there shall be</del> a fountain <ins>shall be</ins> opened <del>to</del> <ins>for</ins> the house of David and <del>to</del> <ins>for</ins> the inhabitants of <del>Jerusalem</del> <ins>Jerusalem,</ins> for sin and for uncleanness.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 13:2]</b> <del>And it</del> <ins>"It</ins> shall <del>come to pass</del> <ins>be</ins> in that <del>day, saith</del> <ins>day," says</ins> the LORD of hosts, <del>that</del> <ins>"that</ins> I will cut off the names of the idols <del>out of</del> <ins>from</ins> the land, and they shall no <del>more</del> <ins>longer</ins> be <del>remembered: and also</del> <ins>remembered.</ins> I will <ins>also</ins> cause the prophets and the unclean spirit to <del>pass out of</del> <ins>depart from</ins> the land.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 13:3]</b> <del>And it</del> <ins>It</ins> shall come to <del>pass,</del> <ins>pass</ins> that <del>when any shall yet prophesy,</del> <ins>if anyone still prophesies,</ins> then his father and <del>his</del> mother <del>that begat</del> <ins>who begot</ins> him <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> say <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> him, <del>Thou shalt</del> <ins>"You shall</ins> not <del>live; for thou speakest</del> <ins>live, because you have spoken</ins> lies in the name of the <del>LORD: and</del> <ins>LORD.' And</ins> his father and <del>his</del> mother <del>that begat</del> <ins>who begot</ins> him shall thrust him through when he <del>prophesieth.</del> <ins>prophesies.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 13:4]</b> <del>And</del> <ins>"And</ins> it shall <del>come to pass</del> <ins>be</ins> in that <del>day,</del> <ins>day</ins> that <del>the prophets shall</del> <ins>every prophet will</ins> be ashamed <del>every one</del> of his <del>vision,</del> <ins>vision</ins> when he <del>hath prophesied; neither shall</del> <ins>prophesies;</ins> they <ins>will not</ins> wear a <del>rough garment</del> <ins>robe of coarse hair</ins> to <del>deceive:</del> <ins>deceive.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 13:5]</b> But he <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> say, <del>I</del> <ins>"I</ins> am no prophet, I am <del>an husbandman;</del> <ins>a farmer;</ins> for <ins>a</ins> man taught me to keep cattle from my <del>youth.</del> <ins>youth.'</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 13:6]</b> And one <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> say <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> him, <del>What</del> <ins>"What</ins> are these wounds <del>in thine hands?</del> <ins>between your arms?'</ins> Then he <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> answer, <del>Those</del> <ins>"Those</ins> with which I was wounded in the house of my <del>friends.</del> <ins>friends.'</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 13:7]</b> <del>Awake,</del> <ins>"Awake,</ins> O sword, against <del>my shepherd, and against</del> <ins>My Shepherd, Against</ins> the <del>man that</del> <ins>Man who</ins> is <del>my fellow, saith</del> <ins>My Companion," Says</ins> the LORD of <del>hosts: smite</del> <ins>hosts. "Strike</ins> the <del>shepherd, and</del> <ins>Shepherd, And</ins> the sheep <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be <del>scattered: and</del> <ins>scattered; Then</ins> I will turn <del>mine</del> <ins>My</ins> hand <del>upon</del> <ins>against</ins> the little ones.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 13:8]</b> And it shall come to <del>pass, that</del> <ins>pass</ins> in all the <del>land, saith</del> <ins>land," Says</ins> the LORD, <del>two parts therein</del> <ins>"That two-thirds in it</ins> shall be cut off and <del>die; but the third</del> <ins>die, But one-third</ins> shall be left <del>therein.</del> <ins>in it:</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 13:9]</b> <del>And</del> I will bring the <del>third part</del> <ins>one-third</ins> through the fire, <del>and will</del> <ins>Will</ins> refine them as silver is refined, <del>and will try</del> <ins>And test</ins> them as gold is <del>tried: they shall</del> <ins>tested. They will</ins> call on <del>my</del> <ins>My</ins> name, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> I will <del>hear them:</del> <ins>answer them.</ins> I will say, <del>It</del> <ins>"This</ins> is <del>my people: and they shall</del> <ins>My people'; And each one will</ins> say, <del>The</del> <ins>"The</ins> LORD is my <del>God.</del> <ins>God."'</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 14:1]</b> Behold, the day of the LORD <del>cometh, and thy</del> <ins>is coming, And your</ins> spoil <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be divided in <del>the midst of thee.</del> <ins>your midst.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 14:2]</b> For I will gather all <del>nations against Jerusalem to battle; and</del> the <ins>nations to battle against Jerusalem; The</ins> city shall be taken, <del>and the</del> <ins>The</ins> houses rifled, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> the women <del>ravished; and half</del> <ins>ravished. Half</ins> of the city shall go <del>forth</del> into captivity, <del>and</del> <ins>But</ins> the <del>residue</del> <ins>remnant</ins> of the people shall not be cut off from the city.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 14:3]</b> Then <del>shall</del> the LORD <ins>will</ins> go <del>forth, and</del> <ins>forth And</ins> fight against those nations, <del>as when he fought</del> <ins>As He fights</ins> in the day of battle.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 14:4]</b> And <del>his feet shall stand</del> in that day <del>upon</del> <ins>His feet will stand on</ins> the <del>mount</del> <ins>Mount</ins> of Olives, <del>which is before</del> <ins>Which faces</ins> Jerusalem on the <del>east, and</del> <ins>east. And</ins> the <del>mount</del> <ins>Mount</ins> of Olives shall <del>cleave in the midst thereof toward the east and toward the west, and there shall</del> be <ins>split in two, From east to west, Making</ins> a very <del>great</del> <ins>large</ins> valley; <del>and half</del> <ins>Half</ins> of the mountain shall <del>remove</del> <ins>move</ins> toward the <del>north, and</del> <ins>north And</ins> half of it toward the south.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 14:5]</b> <del>And ye</del> <ins>Then you</ins> shall flee <del>to</del> <ins>through My mountain valley, For</ins> the <ins>mountain</ins> valley <del>of the mountains; for the valley of the mountains</del> shall reach <del>unto Azal: yea, ye</del> <ins>to Azal. Yes, you</ins> shall <del>flee, like as ye</del> <ins>flee As you</ins> fled from <del>before</del> the earthquake <del>in</del> <ins>In</ins> the days of Uzziah king of <del>Judah: and</del> <ins>Judah. Thus</ins> the LORD my God <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> come, <del>and</del> <ins>And</ins> all the saints with <del>thee.</del> <ins>You.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 14:6]</b> <del>And it</del> <ins>It</ins> shall come to pass in that <del>day, that the light shall not</del> <ins>day That there will</ins> be <del>clear, nor dark:</del> <ins>no light; The lights will diminish.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 14:7]</b> <del>But it</del> <ins>It</ins> shall be one day <del>which shall be</del> <ins>Which is</ins> known to the <del>LORD, not day,</del> <ins>LORD--Neither day</ins> nor <del>night: but it shall come to pass, that</del> <ins>night. But</ins> at evening time it shall <ins>happen That it will</ins> be light.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 14:8]</b> And <ins>in that day</ins> it shall be <del>in that day, that</del> <ins>That</ins> living waters shall <del>go out</del> <ins>flow</ins> from <del>Jerusalem;</del> <ins>Jerusalem, Half of them toward the eastern sea And</ins> half of them toward the <del>former sea, and half of them toward the hinder sea: in</del> <ins>western sea; In both</ins> summer and <del>in</del> winter <del>shall</del> it <del>be.</del> <ins>shall occur.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 14:9]</b> And the LORD shall be <del>king</del> <ins>King</ins> over all the <del>earth: in</del> <ins>earth. In</ins> that day <ins>it</ins> shall <del>there be one LORD, and his</del> <ins>be--"The LORD is one," And His</ins> name one.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 14:10]</b> All the land shall be turned <del>as</del> <ins>into</ins> a plain from Geba to Rimmon south of <del>Jerusalem: and it</del> <ins>Jerusalem. Jerusalem</ins> shall be <del>lifted up,</del> <ins>raised up</ins> and inhabited in her <del>place,</del> <ins>place</ins> from Benjamin's <del>gate unto</del> <ins>Gate to</ins> the place of the <del>first gate, unto</del> <ins>First Gate and</ins> the <del>corner gate,</del> <ins>Corner Gate,</ins> and from the <del>tower</del> <ins>Tower</ins> of <del>Hananeel unto</del> <ins>Hananel to</ins> the king's winepresses.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 14:11]</b> <del>And men</del> <ins>The people</ins> shall dwell in <del>it, and there shall be</del> <ins>it; And</ins> no <del>more</del> <ins>longer shall there be</ins> utter <del>destruction; but</del> <ins>destruction, But</ins> Jerusalem shall be safely inhabited.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 14:12]</b> And this shall be the plague <del>wherewith</del> <ins>with which</ins> the LORD will <del>smite</del> <ins>strike</ins> all the people <del>that have</del> <ins>who</ins> fought against <del>Jerusalem;</del> <ins>Jerusalem:</ins> Their flesh shall <del>consume away</del> <ins>dissolve</ins> while they stand <del>upon</del> <ins>on</ins> their feet, <del>and their</del> <ins>Their</ins> eyes shall <del>consume away</del> <ins>dissolve</ins> in their <del>holes, and</del> <ins>sockets, And</ins> their <del>tongue</del> <ins>tongues</ins> shall <del>consume away</del> <ins>dissolve</ins> in their <del>mouth.</del> <ins>mouths.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 14:13]</b> <del>And it</del> <ins>It</ins> shall come to pass in that <del>day, that</del> <ins>day That</ins> a great <del>tumult</del> <ins>panic</ins> from the LORD <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be among <del>them; and they shall lay hold every one on</del> <ins>them. Everyone will seize</ins> the hand of his <del>neighbour, and</del> <ins>neighbor, And raise</ins> his hand <del>shall rise up</del> against <del>the hand of</del> his <del>neighbour.</del> <ins>neighbor's hand;</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 14:14]</b> <del>And</del> Judah also <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> fight at <del>Jerusalem; and</del> <ins>Jerusalem. And</ins> the wealth of all the <del>heathen round about shall</del> <ins>surrounding nations Shall</ins> be gathered <del>together, gold, and</del> <ins>together: Gold,</ins> silver, and <del>apparel,</del> <ins>apparel</ins> in great abundance.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 14:15]</b> <del>And so</del> <ins>Such also</ins> shall be the plague <del>of</del> <ins>On</ins> the <del>horse, of</del> <ins>horse and</ins> the mule, <del>of</del> <ins>On</ins> the <del>camel,</del> <ins>camel</ins> and <del>of</del> the <del>ass, and of</del> <ins>donkey, And on</ins> all the <del>beasts</del> <ins>cattle</ins> that <del>shall</del> <ins>will</ins> be in <del>these tents, as</del> <ins>those camps. So shall</ins> this <del>plague.</del> <ins>plague be.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 14:16]</b> And it shall come to <del>pass,</del> <ins>pass</ins> that <del>every one that</del> <ins>everyone who</ins> is left of all the nations which came against Jerusalem shall <del>even</del> go up from year to year to worship the King, the LORD of hosts, and to keep the <del>feast</del> <ins>Feast</ins> of <del>tabernacles.</del> <ins>Tabernacles.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 14:17]</b> And it shall <del>be,</del> <ins>be</ins> that <del>whoso will not come up</del> <ins>whichever</ins> of <del>all</del> the families of the earth <del>unto</del> <ins>do not come up to</ins> Jerusalem to worship the King, the LORD of hosts, <del>even upon</del> <ins>on</ins> them <del>shall</del> <ins>there will</ins> be no rain.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 14:18]</b> <del>And if</del> <ins>If</ins> the family of Egypt <del>go</del> <ins>will</ins> not <del>up, and</del> come <del>not, that</del> <ins>up and enter in, they shall</ins> have no rain; <del>there</del> <ins>they</ins> shall <del>be</del> <ins>receive</ins> the <del>plague, wherewith</del> <ins>plague with which</ins> the LORD <del>will smite</del> <ins>strikes</ins> the <del>heathen that come</del> <ins>nations who do</ins> not <ins>come</ins> up to keep the <del>feast</del> <ins>Feast</ins> of <del>tabernacles.</del> <ins>Tabernacles.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 14:19]</b> This shall be the punishment of <del>Egypt,</del> <ins>Egypt</ins> and the punishment of all <ins>the</ins> nations that <del>come</del> <ins>do</ins> not <ins>come</ins> up to keep the <del>feast</del> <ins>Feast</ins> of <del>tabernacles.</del> <ins>Tabernacles.</ins></p><p><b>[Zechariah 14:20]</b> In that day <ins>"HOLINESS TO THE LORD"</ins> shall <del>there</del> be <del>upon</del> <ins>engraved on</ins> the bells of the <del>horses, HOLINESS UNTO THE LORD; and the</del> <ins>horses. The</ins> pots in the LORD's house shall be like the bowls before the altar.</p><p><b>[Zechariah 14:21]</b> <del>Yea,</del> <ins>Yes,</ins> every pot in Jerusalem and <del>in</del> Judah shall be holiness <del>unto</del> <ins>to</ins> the LORD of <del>hosts: and all they that sacrifice</del> <ins>hosts. Everyone who sacrifices</ins> shall come and take <del>of them,</del> <ins>them</ins> and <del>seethe therein: and</del> <ins>cook</ins> in <ins>them. In</ins> that day there shall <del>be</del> no <del>more the</del> <ins>longer be a</ins> Canaanite in the house of the LORD of hosts.</p>